pot pot,pan
pan pot,pan
bar bar,pub
pub bar,pub
can tin,can
arc bow,arc
mug mug,cup
boy boy,lad
lad boy,lad
my my,mine
fore bow,fore
our our,ours
ours our,ours
box box,cube
cube box,cube
sick sick,ill
ill sick,ill
pie pie,tart
tart pie,tart
mud mud,clay
clay mud,clay
some some,any
any some,any
pork pork,ham
ham pork,ham
man man,male
male man,male
bar bar,cake
a a,an,any
an a,an,any
any a,an,any
sack sack,bag
bag sack,bag
her her,hers
hers her,hers
taxi taxi,cab
cab taxi,cab
roll roll,bun
bun roll,bun
thin thin,slim
slim thin,slim
high high,tall
tall high,tall
hard hard,firm
firm hard,firm
big big,large
large big,large
bench bench,pew
pew bench,pew
gray gray,grey
grey gray,grey
stick stick,log
log stick,log
hull hull,body
body hull,body
just just,fair
fair just,fair
lake lake,pond
pond lake,pond
boat boat,ship
ship boat,ship
tire tire,tyre
tyre tire,tyre
low low,short
spot spot,mark
mark spot,mark
frog frog,toad
toad frog,toad
bad bad,wrong
wrong bad,wrong
turn turn,play
play turn,play
mite mite,tick
tick mite,tick
moose moose,elk
elk moose,elk
up up,upward
upward up,upward
usage usage,use
use usage,use
fat fat,thick
thick fat,thick
fart fart,wind
ocean ocean,sea
sea ocean,sea
disc disc,disk
disk disc,disk
paint paint,dye
dye paint,dye
dirt dirt,soil
soil dirt,soil
pit pit,stone
stone pit,stone
bus bus,coach
coach bus,coach
cook cook,chef
chef cook,chef
record CD,record
belt belt,sash
sash belt,sash
calm calm,lull
lull calm,lull
roof roof,cover
cover roof,cover
cannon cannon,gun
gun cannon,gun
chair chair,seat
seat chair,seat
gender gender,sex
sex gender,sex
GPS GPS,satnav
satnav GPS,satnav
body body,trunk
trunk body,trunk
hawk hawk,eagle
eagle hawk,eagle
fewer fewer,less
less fewer,less
hoist hoist,lift
lift hoist,lift
cost cost,price
price cost,price
money money,cash
cash money,cash
store store,shop
shop store,shop
stone stone,rock
rock stone,rock
few few,little
little few,little
but but,except
except but,except
plum plum,drupe
drupe plum,drupe
shape shape,form
form shape,form
fence fence,wall
hurry hurry,rush
rush hurry,rush
pen pen,pencil
pencil pen,pencil
icy icy,frozen
frozen icy,frozen
insect insect,bug
bug insect,bug
step step,stair
stair step,stair
paddle paddle,oar
oar paddle,oar
stem stem,stalk
stalk stem,stalk
bush bush,shrub
shrub bush,shrub
crew crew,staff
last last,final
final last,final
OK OK,alright
alright OK,alright
equal equal,same
same equal,same
lava lava,magma
magma lava,magma
line line,queue
queue line,queue
each each,every
every each,every
loud loud,noisy
noisy loud,noisy
mean mean,cruel
cruel mean,cruel
sink sink,basin
basin sink,basin
soup soup,broth
broth soup,broth
movie movie,film
wire wire,cable
cable wire,cable
berth berth,bunk
bunk berth,bunk
slow slow,slowly
slowly slow,slowly
smell smell,odour
odour smell,odour
baby baby,infant
infant baby,infant
sign sign,signal
signal sign,signal
spiral spiral,curl
curl spiral,curl
divine divine,holy
do do,act-(to)
act-(to) do,act-(to)
bruise bruise,dent
dent bruise,dent
donkey donkey,mule
mule donkey,mule
autumn autumn,fall
fall autumn,fall
dwarf dwarf,gnome
gnome dwarf,gnome
line line,stripe
stripe line,stripe
can can,tin,jar
jar can,tin,jar
stave stave,staff
dhoti dhoti,lungi
lungi dhoti,lungi
easy easy,easily
easily easy,easily
lee lee,shelter
shelter lee,shelter
lawn lawn,meadow
meadow lawn,meadow
The_Law law,The_Law
devotee devotee,fan
wish wish,desire
desire wish,desire
elderly old,elderly
mutton lamb,mutton
oyster oyster,clam
clam oyster,clam
knife knife,sword
sword knife,sword
kind kind,kindly
kindly kind,kindly
far far,distant
distant far,distant
pail pail,bucket
bucket pail,bucket
shell shell,crust
crust shell,crust
want want,desire
desire want,desire
palmtop palmtop,PDA
PDA palmtop,PDA
I I,me,myself
me I,me,myself
myself I,me,myself
cramp cramp,spasm
pill pill,tablet
tablet pill,tablet
humble humble,meek
meek humble,meek
court court,field
saliva saliva,spit
spit saliva,spit
powder powder,dust
dust powder,dust
prison prison,jail
jail prison,jail
beyond beyond,past
van van,minibus
minibus van,minibus
stupid stupid,dumb
dumb stupid,dumb
hotel hotel,motel
motel hotel,motel
hook hook,hanger
hanger hook,hanger
quarrel quarrel,row
row quarrel,row
rabbit rabbit,hare
hare rabbit,hare
uterus uterus,womb
womb uterus,womb
tune tune,melody
melody tune,melody
cool cool,chilly
hate hate,hatred
hatred hate,hatred
bottom bottom,base
base bottom,base
foam foam,mousse
mousse foam,mousse
free free,freely
freely free,freely
block block,brick
brick block,brick
gun gun,firearm
firearm gun,firearm
grid grid,matrix
matrix grid,matrix
ticket ticket,pass
pass ticket,pass
tie tie,necktie
necktie tie,necktie
real real,really
really real,really
truck truck,lorry
lorry truck,lorry
chance chance,risk
risk chance,risk
ribbon ribbon,tape
tape ribbon,tape
giving giving,gift
gift giving,gift
girth girth,cinch
cinch girth,cinch
walk walk,go-(to)
go-(to) walk,go-(to)
grain grain,cereal
habit habit,custom
custom habit,custom
bottle bottle,flask
flask bottle,flask
thing thing,object
object thing,object
hat hat,cap,hood
hood hat,cap,hood
fight fight,combat
combat fight,combat
healthy healthy,well
well healthy,well
adult adult,mature
mature adult,mature
fewest fewest,least
least fewest,least
terror terror,panic
panic terror,panic
hour hour,o'clock
o'clock hour,o'clock
wait wait,waiting
waiting wait,waiting
after after,behind
behind after,behind
hunt hunt,hunting
hunting hunt,hunting
fatal fatal,lethal
lethal fatal,lethal
go-kart go-kart,kart
kart go-kart,kart
idea idea,thought
thought idea,thought
tonality key,tonality
error error,mishap
mishap error,mishap
bath bath,washing
washing bath,washing
egg egg,ovum_(2)
ovum_(2) egg,ovum_(2)
egg egg,ovum_(1)
ovum_(1) egg,ovum_(1)
let_us let_us,let's
let's let_us,let's
stairs stairs,steps
steps stairs,steps
e-mail e-mail,email
email e-mail,email
little little,small
small little,small
during during,while
while during,while
spread spread,paste
paste spread,paste
low_tide low_tide,ebb
ebb low_tide,ebb
luck luck,fortune
fortune luck,fortune
lunch lunch,dinner
dinner lunch,dinner
whisk whisk,beater
beater whisk,beater
dirty dirty,soiled
soiled dirty,soiled
most most,maximum
maximum most,maximum
diaper diaper,nappy
nappy diaper,nappy
shovel shovel,spade
spade shovel,spade
Nisan Nisan,Nissan
Nissan Nisan,Nissan
nothing nothing,none
none nothing,none
shirt shirt,blouse
blouse shirt,blouse
cylinder cylinder,can
can cylinder,can
shiny shiny,glossy
glossy shiny,glossy
oval oval,ellipse
ellipse oval,ellipse
shaver shaver,razor
razor shaver,razor
snooker pool,snooker
shadow shadow,shade
shade shadow,shade
push push,pushing
pushing push,pushing
raw raw,uncooked
uncooked raw,uncooked
woman woman,female
female woman,female
choir choir,chorus
chorus choir,chorus
rest rest,comfort
comfort rest,comfort
answer answer,reply
reply answer,reply
certain certain,sure
sure certain,sure
you you,yourself
yourself you,yourself
rich rich,wealthy
wealthy rich,wealthy
sweets candy,sweets
animal animal,beast
beast animal,beast
burned burned,burnt
burnt burned,burnt
camper_van camper_van,RV
RV camper_van,RV
middle middle,centre
centre middle,centre
bra bra,brassiere
brassiere bra,brassiere
javelin javelin,spear
spear javelin,spear
dance dance,dancing
dancing dance,dancing
silence silence,quiet
quiet silence,quiet
writer writer,author
author writer,author
mew mew,meow-(to)
meow-(to) mew,meow-(to)
dead dead,deceased
deceased dead,deceased
jet jet,jet_plane
jet_plane jet,jet_plane
add add,gain-(to)
gain-(to) add,gain-(to)
couple family,couple
backward backward,back
back backward,back
addition addition,gain
gain addition,gain
first first,primary
primary first,primary
mixer mixer,blender
blender mixer,blender
factory factory,plant
eyeliner eyeliner,kohl
kohl eyeliner,kohl
cart cart,carriage
country country,state
state country,state
move move,movement
movement move,movement
castle castle,palace
palace castle,palace
adult adult,grownup
grownup adult,grownup
maybe maybe,perhaps
perhaps maybe,perhaps
skull skull,cranium
cranium skull,cranium
Muslim Muslim,Moslem
Moslem Muslim,Moslem
flu flu,influenza
influenza flu,influenza
cavity cavity,caries
caries cavity,caries
corridor corridor,hall
kebab_(UK kebab_(UK,NL)
NL) kebab_(UK,NL)
fort fort,fortress
fortress fort,fortress
then then,so,later
so then,so,later
later then,so,later
hobby hobby,pastime
pastime hobby,pastime
cry cry,weep-(to)
weep-(to) cry,weep-(to)
ever ever,whenever
whenever ever,whenever
unfair unfair,unjust
unjust unfair,unjust
rouge rouge,blusher
blusher rouge,blusher
pudding pudding,cream
nice nice,pleasant
pleasant nice,pleasant
no_one no_one,nobody
nobody no_one,nobody
swimming swimming,swim
swim swimming,swim
until until,till,to
till until,till,to
to until,till,to
buffalo buffalo,bison
bison buffalo,bison
supper supper,dinner
dinner supper,dinner
down down,downward
downward down,downward
rifle rifle,shotgun
shotgun rifle,shotgun
ghost ghost,phantom
phantom ghost,phantom
usually usually,usual
usual usually,usual
elevator elevator,lift
lift elevator,lift
quiet quiet,quietly
quietly quiet,quietly
student student,pupil
pupil student,pupil
quills quills,spines
spines quills,spines
code code,password
password code,password
visitor visitor,guest
guest visitor,guest
half half,one-half
one-half half,one-half
effect effect,result
result effect,result
voter voter,elector
elector voter,elector
dish receiver,dish
oil oil,lubricant
lubricant oil,lubricant
gym gym,gymnasium
gymnasium gym,gymnasium
chime_bar bell,chime_bar
ready ready,prepared
prepared ready,prepared
list list,inventory
inventory list,inventory
grater grater,grinder
grinder grater,grinder
bomb bomb,explosive
aerial aerial,antenna
antenna aerial,antenna
handgun handgun,pistol
pistol handgun,pistol
choke choke,gag-(to)
gag-(to) choke,gag-(to)
hang hang,hook-(to)
hook-(to) hang,hook-(to)
movie_disc DVD,movie_disc
opossum opossum,possum
possum opossum,possum
love love,affection
affection love,affection
goods goods,contents
contents goods,contents
bleat bleat,baa-(to)
baa-(to) bleat,baa-(to)
band band,orchestra
orchestra band,orchestra
squash squash,pumpkin
pumpkin squash,pumpkin
air air,atmosphere
atmosphere air,atmosphere
drink drink,beverage
beverage drink,beverage
lend lend,loan-(to)
loan-(to) lend,loan-(to)
he he,him,himself
him he,him,himself
himself he,him,himself
break break,fracture
fracture break,fracture
watchful watchful,alert
alert watchful,alert
bruised bruised,dented
dented bruised,dented
funny funny,humorous
humorous funny,humorous
satisfied full,satisfied
laugh laugh,laughter
laughter laugh,laughter
mail mail,post-(to)
post-(to) mail,post-(to)
fry fry,saute-(to)
saute-(to) fry,saute-(to)
wet wet,damp,moist
damp wet,damp,moist
moist wet,damp,moist
swinging swing,swinging
knock knock,tap-(to)
tap-(to) knock,tap-(to)
soap soap,detergent
detergent soap,detergent
outcome outcome,result
result outcome,result
tail_lift tail_lift,lift
lift tail_lift,lift
type type,kind,sort
kind type,kind,sort
sort type,kind,sort
snuff snuff,kat,coca
kat snuff,kat,coca
coca snuff,kat,coca
point point,tip,peak
tip point,tip,peak
peak point,tip,peak
growth growth,growing
growing growth,growing
cookie cookie,biscuit
biscuit cookie,biscuit
difficult difficult,hard
hard difficult,hard
thaw thaw,melt-(to)
melt-(to) thaw,melt-(to)
platform platform,stage
stage platform,stage
owl owl,night_bird
night_bird owl,night_bird
round round,circular
circular round,circular
rug rug,carpet,mat
carpet rug,carpet,mat
mat rug,carpet,mat
copy copy,duplicate
duplicate copy,duplicate
corpse corpse,cadaver
cadaver corpse,cadaver
pacifier pacifier,dummy
dummy pacifier,dummy
flute flute,recorder
pit pit,stone-(to)
stone-(to) pit,stone-(to)
much much,many,very
many much,many,very
very much,many,very
beg beg,plead-(to)
plead-(to) beg,plead-(to)
pain pain,suffering
suffering pain,suffering
samosa samosa,pirogue
pirogue samosa,pirogue
paint paint,dye-(to)
dye-(to) paint,dye-(to)
mix mix,blend-(to)
blend-(to) mix,blend-(to)
miss miss,lose-(to)
lose-(to) miss,lose-(to)
pimple pimple,blemish
blemish pimple,blemish
pillow pillow,cushion
butterfly butterfly,moth
moth butterfly,moth
wound wound,cut,sore
cut wound,cut,sore
sore wound,cut,sore
wrap wrap,wind-(to)
wind-(to) wrap,wind-(to)
filled filled,stuffed
stuffed filled,stuffed
touch touch,touching
touching touch,touching
indoor indoor,indoors
indoors indoor,indoors
pay pay,spend-(to)
spend-(to) pay,spend-(to)
creature creature,being
being creature,being
yogurt yogurt,yoghurt
yoghurt yogurt,yoghurt
intimate intimate,close
close intimate,close
party party,festival
festival party,festival
parcel parcel,package
package parcel,package
shelter shelter,refuge
refuge shelter,refuge
tool tool,instrument
instrument tool,instrument
parakeet parakeet,budgie
budgie parakeet,budgie
paten paten,holy_tray
holy_tray paten,holy_tray
creation creation,nature
nature creation,nature
biomass biomass,biofuel
biofuel biomass,biofuel
peach peach,nectarine
nectarine peach,nectarine
touch touch,feel-(to)
beam-(to) shine,beam-(to)
finally finally,at_last
at_last finally,at_last
crack crack,gap,cleft
gap crack,gap,cleft
cleft crack,gap,cleft
fingernail fingernail,nail
court court,courtroom
courtroom court,courtroom
aboard aboard,on_board
on_board aboard,on_board
paper paper,card,page
page paper,card,page
adding adding,additive
additive adding,additive
moo moo,bellow-(to)
bellow-(to) moo,bellow-(to)
thrilling thrilling,scary
scary thrilling,scary
safety safety,security
security safety,security
wink wink,blink-(to)
blink-(to) wink,blink-(to)
catch catch,grab-(to)
grab-(to) catch,grab-(to)
mask mask,false_face
false_face mask,false_face
advance advance,go-(to)
go-(to) advance,go-(to)
she she,her,herself
her she,her,herself
herself she,her,herself
towboat towboat,tugboat
tugboat towboat,tugboat
fold fold,pleat-(to)
pleat-(to) fold,pleat-(to)
rule rule,regulation
regulation rule,regulation
burp burp,belch-(to)
belch-(to) burp,belch-(to)
mash mash,crush-(to)
crush-(to) mash,crush-(to)
smile smile,grin-(to)
grin-(to) smile,grin-(to)
celeriac celeriac,celery
mystery mystery,unknown
unknown mystery,unknown
play play,recreation
recreation play,recreation
freedom freedom,liberty
liberty freedom,liberty
different different,other
other different,other
soldier soldier,warrior
warrior soldier,warrior
beginning beginning,start
start beginning,start
hurry hurry,rush-(to)
rush-(to) hurry,rush-(to)
killer killer,murderer
we we,us,ourselves
us we,us,ourselves
ourselves we,us,ourselves
rotisserie rotisserie,spit
spit rotisserie,spit
dryness dryness,drought
drought dryness,drought
alcohol alcohol,ethanol
ethanol alcohol,ethanol
hospital hospital,clinic
powerful powerful,mighty
mighty powerful,mighty
horse_box horse_box,stall
stall horse_box,stall
protected protected,saved
saved protected,saved
lucky lucky,fortunate
fortunate lucky,fortunate
turtle turtle,tortoise
tortoise turtle,tortoise
any_day any_day,someday
someday any_day,someday
protector protector,guard
guard protector,guard
stallion stallion,entire
entire stallion,entire
ago ago,then_(past)
then_(past) ago,then_(past)
lasagne lasagne,lasagna
lasagna lasagne,lasagna
concrete concrete,cement
cement concrete,cement
sweetness sweetness,sweet
sweet sweetness,sweet
offspring offspring,child
child offspring,child
basement basement,cellar
cellar basement,cellar
action action,act,deed
act action,act,deed
deed action,act,deed
lonely lonely,lonesome
lonesome lonely,lonesome
herring herring,sardine
sardine herring,sardine
bridge bridge,overpass
overpass bridge,overpass
recent recent,recently
recently recent,recently
lollipop lollipop,sucker
sucker lollipop,sucker
hello hello,greetings
greetings hello,greetings
swamp swamp,bog,marsh
bog swamp,bog,marsh
marsh swamp,bog,marsh
waiter waiter,waitress
waitress waiter,waitress
city city,metropolis
metropolis city,metropolis
height height,tallness
tallness height,tallness
linear linear,straight
straight linear,straight
clock clock,timepiece
timepiece clock,timepiece
wear-(to) dress,wear-(to)
omelette omelette,omelet
omelet omelette,omelet
sugar sugar,sweetener
sweetener sugar,sweetener
length length,longness
longness length,longness
lift lift,raise-(to)
strong strong,powerful
powerful strong,powerful
push push,shove-(to)
shove-(to) push,shove-(to)
bump bump,press-(to)
press-(to) bump,press-(to)
letter letter,mail,post
mail letter,mail,post
post letter,mail,post
vacation vacation,holiday
holiday vacation,holiday
subtraction subtraction,loss
oppressed oppressed,unfree
unfree oppressed,unfree
common_cold cold,common_cold
anytime anytime,sometime
sometime anytime,sometime
driver driver,chauffeur
chauffeur driver,chauffeur
barge barge,river_boat
river_boat barge,river_boat
draw draw,sketch-(to)
sketch-(to) draw,sketch-(to)
hear hear,listen-(to)
listen-(to) hear,listen-(to)
bridle bridle,headstall
headstall bridle,headstall
raisins raisins,currants
organ organ,pipe_organ
pipe_organ organ,pipe_organ
wagon wagon,cart,truck
cart wagon,cart,truck
truck wagon,cart,truck
block block,city_block
city_block block,city_block
summary summary,abstract
abstract summary,abstract
barn barn,stable,shed
shed barn,stable,shed
herb herb,spice_plant
spice_plant herb,spice_plant
sweet sweet,confection
confection sweet,confection
sweet_potato sweet_potato,yam
yam sweet_potato,yam
rectangle rectangle,oblong
oblong rectangle,oblong
doctor doctor,physician
physician doctor,physician
sweetheart sweetheart,lover
lover sweetheart,lover
reindeer reindeer,caribou
caribou reindeer,caribou
bandage bandage,dressing
dressing bandage,dressing
bathtub bathtub,bath,tub
bath bathtub,bath,tub
tub bathtub,bath,tub
govern govern,rule-(to)
rule-(to) govern,rule-(to)
stay stay,remain-(to)
remain-(to) stay,remain-(to)
choice choice,selection
selection choice,selection
uncertain uncertain,unsure
unsure uncertain,unsure
goodbye goodbye,farewell
farewell goodbye,farewell
goblet goblet,wineglass
wineglass goblet,wineglass
walkway walkway,footpath
footpath walkway,footpath
want want,desire-(to)
desire-(to) want,desire-(to)
outdoor outdoor,outdoors
outdoors outdoor,outdoors
holiday holiday,festival
festival holiday,festival
ATM ATM,cash_machine
cash_machine ATM,cash_machine
end end,arrival,stop
arrival end,arrival,stop
stop end,arrival,stop
watch watch,wristwatch
wristwatch watch,wristwatch
obey obey,comply-(to)
comply-(to) obey,comply-(to)
rocket rocket,spaceship
spaceship rocket,spaceship
magazine magazine,journal
journal magazine,journal
nowhere nowhere,no_place
no_place nowhere,no_place
espionage espionage,spying
spying espionage,spying
not_nice naughty,not_nice
pot_stand pot_stand,trivet
trivet pot_stand,trivet
outing outing,excursion
excursion outing,excursion
evaluation evaluation,value
value evaluation,value
humid humid,damp,moist
damp humid,damp,moist
moist humid,damp,moist
try try,attempt-(to)
attempt-(to) try,attempt-(to)
ceramics ceramics,pottery
pottery ceramics,pottery
thanks thanks,thank_you
thank_you thanks,thank_you
napkin napkin,serviette
serviette napkin,serviette
trust trust,confidence
confidence trust,confidence
kill kill,murder-(to)
own own,possess-(to)
possess-(to) own,possess-(to)
rub rub,massage-(to)
wedding marriage,wedding
hymnal hymnal,hymn_book
hymn_book hymnal,hymn_book
plan plan,design-(to)
design-(to) plan,design-(to)
begin begin,start-(to)
start-(to) begin,start-(to)
costume costume,disguise
disguise costume,disguise
designer designer,planner
planner designer,planner
tour tour,sightseeing
sightseeing tour,sightseeing
sacked sacked,dismissed
dismissed sacked,dismissed
illegal illegal,criminal
criminal illegal,criminal
moral moral,good,right
good moral,good,right
coup coup,coup_d'etat
coup_d'etat coup,coup_d'etat
wish wish,desire-(to)
desire-(to) wish,desire-(to)
court court,courthouse
courthouse court,courthouse
paper_money paper_money,bill
bill paper_money,bill
worn-out worn-out,raddled
raddled worn-out,raddled
bus_stop bus_stop,bus_bay
bus_bay bus_stop,bus_bay
yell yell,scream-(to)
scream-(to) yell,scream-(to)
calling calling,vocation
vocation calling,vocation
brave brave,courageous
courageous brave,courageous
secret_agent secret_agent,spy
spy secret_agent,spy
few few,little_(OLD)
little_(OLD) few,little_(OLD)
braid braid,plait-(to)
plait-(to) braid,plait-(to)
can can,be_able-(to)
be_able-(to) can,be_able-(to)
performance performance,show
show performance,show
injure injure,hurt-(to)
hurt-(to) injure,hurt-(to)
minus minus,no,without
no minus,no,without
without minus,no,without
trachea trachea,wind_pipe
wind_pipe trachea,wind_pipe
buy buy,purchase-(to)
purchase-(to) buy,purchase-(to)
town town,city_(small)
city_(small) town,city_(small)
fever fever,temperature
jewelry jewelry,jewellery
jewellery jewelry,jewellery
court court,field_(OLD)
field_(OLD) court,field_(OLD)
shake shake,jiggle-(to)
jiggle-(to) shake,jiggle-(to)
touchpad touchpad,trackpad
trackpad touchpad,trackpad
janitor janitor,caretaker
caretaker janitor,caretaker
criminality criminality,crime
cry_out cry_out,call-(to)
call-(to) cry_out,call-(to)
too_much too_much,too_many
too_many too_much,too_many
pavement pavement,sidewalk
sidewalk pavement,sidewalk
fight fight,combat-(to)
combat-(to) fight,combat-(to)
to to,toward,towards
toward to,toward,towards
towards to,toward,towards
bedbug bedbug,wall_louse
wall_louse bedbug,wall_louse
ugly ugly,unattractive
unattractive ugly,unattractive
knock knock,tap_(sound)
tap_(sound) knock,tap_(sound)
scoundrel scoundrel,villain
villain scoundrel,villain
filled_leaf filled_leaf,dolma
dolma filled_leaf,dolma
infertile infertile,sterile
sterile infertile,sterile
backpack backpack,rucksack
rucksack backpack,rucksack
curve curve,curved_line
curved_line curve,curved_line
bathroom bathroom,washroom
washroom bathroom,washroom
simmer simmer,poach-(to)
poach-(to) simmer,poach-(to)
last_(person last_(person,etc)
etc) last_(person,etc)
immoral immoral,bad,wrong
bad immoral,bad,wrong
wrong immoral,bad,wrong
scenery scenery,landscape
landscape scenery,landscape
scale scale,measurement
measurement scale,measurement
compete compete,race-(to)
race-(to) compete,race-(to)
think think,reason-(to)
reason-(to) think,reason-(to)
carrycot carrycot,bassinet
bassinet carrycot,bassinet
applause applause,clapping
clapping applause,clapping
diaphragm diaphragm,midriff
midriff diaphragm,midriff
applaud applaud,clap-(to)
clap-(to) applaud,clap-(to)
and and,also,plus,too
also and,also,plus,too
plus and,also,plus,too
too and,also,plus,too
direct_current direct_current,DC
DC direct_current,DC
possible possible,possibly
possibly possible,possibly
sacking sacking,dismissal
dismissal sacking,dismissal
explorer explorer,enquirer
enquirer explorer,enquirer
skytrain skytrain,monorail
monorail skytrain,monorail
slow slow,slowly_(OLD)
slowly_(OLD) slow,slowly_(OLD)
how_much how_much,how_many
how_many how_much,how_many
pot pot,kettle,boiler
kettle pot,kettle,boiler
boiler pot,kettle,boiler
bigness bigness,largeness
largeness bigness,largeness
sack sack,dismiss-(to)
dismiss-(to) sack,dismiss-(to)
angry angry,angrily,mad
angrily angry,angrily,mad
mad angry,angrily,mad
hot hot,spicy,peppery
spicy hot,spicy,peppery
peppery hot,spicy,peppery
antler(s) horn(s),antler(s)
program program,programme
programme program,programme
lie_down lie_down,lie-(to)
vision vision,apparition
apparition vision,apparition
linear_thing linear_thing,pole
pole linear_thing,pole
linen linen,flax_fabric
flax_fabric linen,flax_fabric
hide hide,conceal-(to)
conceal-(to) hide,conceal-(to)
medical medical,medically
medically medical,medically
clear clear,transparent
transparent clear,transparent
doubt doubt,uncertainty
uncertainty doubt,uncertainty
lotto lotto,bingo_(etc)
bingo_(etc) lotto,bingo_(etc)
stupid stupid,dumb_(OLD)
dumb_(OLD) stupid,dumb_(OLD)
dump dump,dispose-(to)
dispose-(to) dump,dispose-(to)
by by,by_means_of,of
by_means_of by,by_means_of,of
of by,by_means_of,of
brownie brownie,house_elf
house_elf brownie,house_elf
happen happen,occur-(to)
occur-(to) happen,occur-(to)
eternity eternity,infinity
infinity eternity,infinity
story story,report,tale
report story,report,tale
tale story,report,tale
fruit_juice fruit_juice,juice
juice fruit_juice,juice
oesophagus oesophagus,gullet
gullet oesophagus,gullet
stomach stomach,tummy,tum
tummy stomach,tummy,tum
tum stomach,tummy,tum
cheap cheap,inexpensive
inexpensive cheap,inexpensive
fundamental fundamental,basic
basic fundamental,basic
spouse spouse,cohabitant
cohabitant spouse,cohabitant
Chanukah Chanukah,Hanukkah
Hanukkah Chanukah,Hanukkah
earth earth,globe,world
globe earth,globe,world
mean mean,signify-(to)
signify-(to) mean,signify-(to)
autumn autumn,fall_(ckb)
fall_(ckb) autumn,fall_(ckb)
earth earth,ground,land
ground earth,ground,land
land earth,ground,land
change change,alteration
alteration change,alteration
change change,alter-(to)
alter-(to) change,alter-(to)
answer answer,reply-(to)
reply-(to) answer,reply-(to)
anxious anxious,anxiously
anxiously anxious,anxiously
relative relative,relation
relation relative,relation
body_brace body_brace,corset
corset body_brace,corset
rest_period rest_period,break
break rest_period,break
breakable breakable,fragile
fragile breakable,fragile
neigh neigh,whinny-(to)
whinny-(to) neigh,whinny-(to)
embark embark,board-(to)
gopher gopher,ground_hog
ground_hog gopher,ground_hog
cabin cabin,cottage,hut
cottage cabin,cottage,hut
hut cabin,cottage,hut
celibacy celibacy,chastity
chastity celibacy,chastity
manure manure,fertilizer
fertilizer manure,fertilizer
manager manager,secretary
eye_mouse eye_mouse,eye_gaze
eye_gaze eye_mouse,eye_gaze
pipe pipe,tube_(closed)
tube_(closed) pipe,tube_(closed)
mysterious mysterious,unknown
unknown mysterious,unknown
copier copier,photocopier
photocopier copier,photocopier
aid aid,device,support
device aid,device,support
support aid,device,support
counsellor counsellor,adviser
adviser counsellor,adviser
top_of_a_thing top,top_of_a_thing
fiance fiance,groom-to-be
groom-to-be fiance,groom-to-be
crush crush,squeeze-(to)
squeeze-(to) crush,squeeze-(to)
respect respect,admiration
admiration respect,admiration
wood wood,lumber,timber
lumber wood,lumber,timber
timber wood,lumber,timber
intimacy intimacy,closeness
closeness intimacy,closeness
my my,mine-(feminine)
mine-(feminine) my,mine-(feminine)
genocide genocide,holocaust
holocaust genocide,holocaust
breastbone breastbone,sternum
sternum breastbone,sternum
against against,opposed_to
opposed_to against,opposed_to
cupcake cupcake,fancy_cake
fancy_cake cupcake,fancy_cake
selfishness selfishness,egoism
egoism selfishness,egoism
continue continue,pass-(to)
pass-(to) continue,pass-(to)
rectangular rectangular,oblong
oblong rectangular,oblong
still still,continuously
continuously still,continuously
stoma stoma,medical_hole
medical_hole stoma,medical_hole
auditor auditor,accountant
accountant auditor,accountant
wiggle wiggle,squirm-(to)
squirm-(to) wiggle,squirm-(to)
spray spray,vaporization
vaporization spray,vaporization
sign sign,advertisement
infinite infinite,limitless
limitless infinite,limitless
none none,nothing_(OLD)
nothing_(OLD) none,nothing_(OLD)
similar similar,like,alike
like similar,like,alike
alike similar,like,alike
airforce airforce,air_force
air_force airforce,air_force
percent percent,percentage
percentage percent,percentage
water water,fluid,liquid
fluid water,fluid,liquid
anything anything,something
something anything,something
scientist scientist,academic
academic scientist,academic
eager eager,keen,willing
keen eager,keen,willing
willing eager,keen,willing
special special,particular
particular special,particular
halva halva,halvah,halwa
halvah halva,halvah,halwa
halwa halva,halvah,halwa
memo memo,reminder_note
reminder_note memo,reminder_note
schedule schedule,timetable
timetable schedule,timetable
chirp chirp,twitter-(to)
twitter-(to) chirp,twitter-(to)
pipe pipe,hose,tube_(1)
hose pipe,hose,tube_(1)
tube_(1) pipe,hose,tube_(1)
pipe pipe,hose,tube_(2)
hose pipe,hose,tube_(2)
tube_(2) pipe,hose,tube_(2)
lawn_bowling lawn_bowling,bowls
bowls lawn_bowling,bowls
French_fries French_fries,chips
chips French_fries,chips
command command,order-(to)
order-(to) command,order-(to)
everybody everybody,everyone
everyone everybody,everyone
glasses glasses,eyeglasses
eyeglasses glasses,eyeglasses
flashlight flashlight,lantern
lantern flashlight,lantern
diarrhea diarrhea,diarrhoea
diarrhoea diarrhea,diarrhoea
drugstore drugstore,pharmacy
pharmacy drugstore,pharmacy
Chumash Chumash,Pentateuch
Pentateuch Chumash,Pentateuch
wage(s) wage(s),pay,salary
pay wage(s),pay,salary
salary wage(s),pay,salary
he he,she,him,her,one
she he,she,him,her,one
him he,she,him,her,one
her he,she,him,her,one
one he,she,him,her,one
come come,approach-(to)
approach-(to) come,approach-(to)
digital_memory digital_memory,RAM
RAM digital_memory,RAM
let_fall let_fall,drop-(to)
drop-(to) let_fall,drop-(to)
teacher teacher,instructor
instructor teacher,instructor
sweat sweat,perspiration
perspiration sweat,perspiration
bottle_nipple bottle_nipple,teat
teat bottle_nipple,teat
power power,powerfulness
powerfulness power,powerfulness
prayer_book prayer_book,Siddur
Siddur prayer_book,Siddur
precious precious,treasured
treasured precious,treasured
printer printer,typewriter
typewriter printer,typewriter
doctor_(rehab doctor_(rehab,hab)
hab) doctor_(rehab,hab)
exhausted exhausted,worn_out
worn_out exhausted,worn_out
rubber_boat rubber_boat,dinghy
dinghy rubber_boat,dinghy
forgiveness forgiveness,pardon
pardon forgiveness,pardon
hiding_place hiding_place,cache
cache hiding_place,cache
table_mat table_mat,placemat
placemat table_mat,placemat
protest protest,resistance
resistance protest,resistance
motorcycle motorcycle,scooter
forgetting forgetting,amnesia
amnesia forgetting,amnesia
her his,her,hers,one's
hers his,her,hers,one's
one's his,her,hers,one's
dish dish,plate,platter
plate dish,plate,platter
platter dish,plate,platter
protection protection,shelter
shelter protection,shelter
okra okra,lady's_finger
lady's_finger okra,lady's_finger
barber barber,hairdresser
hairdresser barber,hairdresser
small_pancake small_pancake,blini
blini small_pancake,blini
protected protected,sheltered
sheltered protected,sheltered
hijacker hijacker,coup_maker
coup_maker hijacker,coup_maker
limit(s) limit(s),limitation
limitation limit(s),limitation
pledge-(to) promise,pledge-(to)
forgive forgive,pardon-(to)
pardon-(to) forgive,pardon-(to)
protest protest,resist-(to)
resist-(to) protest,resist-(to)
sweat sweat,perspire-(to)
perspire-(to) sweat,perspire-(to)
existence existence,being_(1)
being_(1) existence,being_(1)
vase vase,urn,trophy_cup
trophy_cup vase,urn,trophy_cup
bird_of_prey bird_of_prey,raptor
raptor bird_of_prey,raptor
puncture puncture,prick-(to)
prick-(to) puncture,prick-(to)
collarbone collarbone,clavicle
clavicle collarbone,clavicle
purple purple,violet_(bci)
violet_(bci) purple,violet_(bci)
teach teach,instruct-(to)
instruct-(to) teach,instruct-(to)
potholder potholder,oven_mitt
oven_mitt potholder,oven_mitt
Sabbath Sabbath,day_of_rest
day_of_rest Sabbath,day_of_rest
hot_dog hot_dog,frankfurter
frankfurter hot_dog,frankfurter
existence existence,being_(2)
being_(2) existence,being_(2)
button button,gripper,snap
gripper button,gripper,snap
snap button,gripper,snap
purple purple,violet_(ckb)
violet_(ckb) purple,violet_(ckb)
medicine medicine,medication
medication medicine,medication
flight_deck flight_deck,cockpit
cockpit flight_deck,cockpit
hug hug,squeeze,embrace
squeeze hug,squeeze,embrace
embrace hug,squeeze,embrace
orange orange,citrus_fruit
citrus_fruit orange,citrus_fruit
police_force police_force,police
police police_force,police
snowplow snowplow,snowplough
snowplough snowplow,snowplough
skin_disease skin_disease,eczema
eczema skin_disease,eczema
bandit bandit,armed_robber
armed_robber bandit,armed_robber
suggestion suggestion,proposal
proposal suggestion,proposal
apartment apartment,flat,unit
unit apartment,flat,unit
point point,indicate-(to)
indicate-(to) point,indicate-(to)
same same,equal,equality
equal same,equal,equality
equality same,equal,equality
boss boss,supervisor_(2)
supervisor_(2) boss,supervisor_(2)
quarter quarter,one_quarter
one_quarter quarter,one_quarter
comfortable comfortable,restful
restful comfortable,restful
detest detest,despise-(to)
despise-(to) detest,despise-(to)
blanket blanket,duvet,quilt
duvet blanket,duvet,quilt
quilt blanket,duvet,quilt
leadership leadership,guidance
guidance leadership,guidance
mechanic mechanic,technician
technician mechanic,technician
movement movement,motion_(1)
motion_(1) movement,motion_(1)
barometer barometer,manometer
manometer barometer,manometer
boss boss,supervisor_(1)
supervisor_(1) boss,supervisor_(1)
melodica melodica,blow-organ
blow-organ melodica,blow-organ
fruit_cream fruit_cream,compote
compote fruit_cream,compote
firefighter firefighter,fireman
fireman firefighter,fireman
movement movement,motion_(2)
motion_(2) movement,motion_(2)
decoration decoration,ornament
ornament decoration,ornament
our our,ours-(feminine)
ours-(feminine) our,ours-(feminine)
hammer hammer,gavel,mallet
gavel hammer,gavel,mallet
mallet hammer,gavel,mallet
child child,kid,youngster
kid child,kid,youngster
youngster child,kid,youngster
unit unit,example,sample
example unit,example,sample
sample unit,example,sample
understand understand,see-(to)
see-(to) understand,see-(to)
gutter gutter,eaves_trough
eaves_trough gutter,eaves_trough
measurement measurement,measure
measure measurement,measure
astronaut astronaut,cosmonaut
cosmonaut astronaut,cosmonaut
wolf wolf,dingo,wild_dog
dingo wolf,dingo,wild_dog
wild_dog wolf,dingo,wild_dog
guess guess,estimate-(to)
estimate-(to) guess,estimate-(to)
curtain(s) curtain(s),drape(s)
drape(s) curtain(s),drape(s)
sea_captain sea_captain,skipper
skipper sea_captain,skipper
castle castle,palace_(OLD)
palace_(OLD) castle,palace_(OLD)
curious curious,inquisitive
inquisitive curious,inquisitive
innocent innocent,not_guilty
not_guilty innocent,not_guilty
alligator alligator,crocodile
crocodile alligator,crocodile
see see,look,watch-(to)
look see,look,watch-(to)
genitals genitals,sex_organs
sex_organs genitals,sex_organs
refrigerator refrigerator,fridge
fridge refrigerator,fridge
gravity gravity,gravitation
gravitation gravity,gravitation
spray spray,vaporize-(to)
vaporize-(to) spray,vaporize-(to)
my my,mine-(masculine)
mine-(masculine) my,mine-(masculine)
work work,employment,job
employment work,employment,job
job work,employment,job
electric electric,electrical
electrical electric,electrical
smoothing_iron iron,smoothing_iron
fiancee fiancee,bride-to-be
bride-to-be fiancee,bride-to-be
electric_light electric_light,lamp
lamp electric_light,lamp
religion religion,naturalism
naturalism religion,naturalism
mistake mistake,error,fault
error mistake,error,fault
fault mistake,error,fault
cards cards,playing_cards
playing_cards cards,playing_cards
your your,yours-(plural)
yours-(plural) your,yours-(plural)
Joseph Joseph,Saint_Joseph
Saint_Joseph Joseph,Saint_Joseph
over over,above,superior
above over,above,superior
superior over,above,superior
countryside countryside,country
country countryside,country
who who,whom-(question)
whom-(question) who,whom-(question)
art_gallery art_gallery,gallery
gallery art_gallery,gallery
always always,ever,forever
ever always,ever,forever
forever always,ever,forever
lease rent,lease,let-(to)
let-(to) rent,lease,let-(to)
fear fear,fright,concern
fright fear,fright,concern
concern fear,fright,concern
glue glue,adhesive,paste
adhesive glue,adhesive,paste
paste glue,adhesive,paste
bump bump,press,pressing
press bump,press,pressing
pressing bump,press,pressing
alphabet alphabet,letters_(2)
letters_(2) alphabet,letters_(2)
ownership ownership,possession
possession ownership,possession
coup coup,hijack,takeover
hijack coup,hijack,takeover
takeover coup,hijack,takeover
instruction instruction,teaching
teaching instruction,teaching
alphabet alphabet,letters_(1)
letters_(1) alphabet,letters_(1)
sequin(s) sequin(s),spangle(s)
spangle(s) sequin(s),spangle(s)
peaceful peaceful,serene,calm
serene peaceful,serene,calm
calm peaceful,serene,calm
under under,below,inferior
below under,below,inferior
inferior under,below,inferior
scientist scientist,researcher
researcher scientist,researcher
finish finish,complete-(to)
complete-(to) finish,complete-(to)
fix fix,mend,repair-(to)
mend fix,mend,repair-(to)
repair-(to) fix,mend,repair-(to)
abseiling abseiling,rappelling
rappelling abseiling,rappelling
our our,ours-(masculine)
ours-(masculine) our,ours-(masculine)
mother mother,mom,mommy,mum
mom mother,mom,mommy,mum
mommy mother,mom,mommy,mum
mum mother,mom,mommy,mum
permission permission,allowance
allowance permission,allowance
smell_bad smell_bad,stink-(to)
stink-(to) smell_bad,stink-(to)
universal universal,world-wide
world-wide universal,world-wide
photograph photograph,photo,pic
photo photograph,photo,pic
pic photograph,photo,pic
decrease decrease,reduce-(to)
reduce-(to) decrease,reduce-(to)
descend descend,go_down-(to)
go_down-(to) descend,go_down-(to)
common common,mutual,shared
mutual common,mutual,shared
shared common,mutual,shared
thermos thermos,cooler,flask
cooler thermos,cooler,flask
flask thermos,cooler,flask
freeze freeze,solidify-(to)
solidify-(to) freeze,solidify-(to)
movie_theatre movie_theatre,cinema
cinema movie_theatre,cinema
therefore therefore,so,so_that
so therefore,so,so_that
so_that therefore,so,so_that
erection erection,erect_penis
erect_penis erection,erect_penis
burned-out burned-out,burnt-out
burnt-out burned-out,burnt-out
comfort comfort,console-(to)
console-(to) comfort,console-(to)
test test,assessment,exam
assessment test,assessment,exam
exam test,assessment,exam
lesson lesson,lecture,class
gather gather,assemble-(to)
assemble-(to) gather,assemble-(to)
muffin muffin,scone,brioche
scone muffin,scone,brioche
brioche muffin,scone,brioche
stop stop,arrive,end-(to)
arrive stop,arrive,end-(to)
end-(to) stop,arrive,end-(to)
riding_school riding_school,manege
manege riding_school,manege
tax_(state tax_(state,regional)
regional) tax_(state,regional)
restaurant restaurant,cafeteria
cafeteria restaurant,cafeteria
resign resign,quit_(2)-(to)
quit_(2)-(to) resign,quit_(2)-(to)
Vatican Vatican,Vatican_City
Vatican_City Vatican,Vatican_City
disaster disaster,catastrophe
catastrophe disaster,catastrophe
build build,construct-(to)
construct-(to) build,construct-(to)
cease-fire cease-fire,armistice
armistice cease-fire,armistice
bank_card bank_card,money_card
money_card bank_card,money_card
bongo_drum bongo_drum,hand_drum
hand_drum bongo_drum,hand_drum
glass glass,drinking_glass
drinking_glass glass,drinking_glass
resign resign,quit_(1)-(to)
quit_(1)-(to) resign,quit_(1)-(to)
bake bake,cook,roast-(to)
cook bake,cook,roast-(to)
roast-(to) bake,cook,roast-(to)
sway swing,sway,rock-(to)
rock-(to) swing,sway,rock-(to)
go go,depart,leave-(to)
depart go,depart,leave-(to)
leave-(to) go,depart,leave-(to)
littleness littleness,smallness
smallness littleness,smallness
ATB ATB,all-terrain_bike
all-terrain_bike ATB,all-terrain_bike
oil_power oil_power,oil_energy
oil_energy oil_power,oil_energy
suggest suggest,propose-(to)
propose-(to) suggest,propose-(to)
church church,mosque,temple
mosque church,mosque,temple
temple church,mosque,temple
blackbird blackbird,crow,raven
crow blackbird,crow,raven
raven blackbird,crow,raven
Christmas_song Christmas_song,carol
carol Christmas_song,carol
remember remember,recall-(to)
recall-(to) remember,recall-(to)
rear rear,back_of_a_thing
back_of_a_thing rear,back_of_a_thing
straw straw,drinking_straw
drinking_straw straw,drinking_straw
band band,orchestra_(OLD)
orchestra_(OLD) band,orchestra_(OLD)
reaching_aid reaching_aid,grabber
grabber reaching_aid,grabber
offer offer,sacrifice-(to)
sacrifice-(to) offer,sacrifice-(to)
earphones earphones,headphones
headphones earphones,headphones
wash wash,bathe,bath-(to)
bathe wash,bathe,bath-(to)
bath-(to) wash,bathe,bath-(to)
river river,stream,current
stream river,stream,current
rack rack,single-foot-(to)
single-foot-(to) rack,single-foot-(to)
hair_drier hair_drier,blow_dryer
blow_dryer hair_drier,blow_dryer
stomach stomach,abdomen,belly
abdomen stomach,abdomen,belly
belly stomach,abdomen,belly
balcony balcony,porch,veranda
porch balcony,porch,veranda
veranda balcony,porch,veranda
gull gull,seagull,sea_gull
seagull gull,seagull,sea_gull
sea_gull gull,seagull,sea_gull
notebook notebook,writing_book
writing_book notebook,writing_book
chance_event accident,chance_event
wakefulness wakefulness,alertness
alertness wakefulness,alertness
Earth Earth,Tellus_(planet)
Tellus_(planet) Earth,Tellus_(planet)
reflect reflect,consider-(to)
consider-(to) reflect,consider-(to)
egg_(fried) egg_(fried),fried_egg
fried_egg egg_(fried),fried_egg
put put,locate,place-(to)
locate put,locate,place-(to)
place-(to) put,locate,place-(to)
Heaven Heaven,Kingdom_of_God
Kingdom_of_God Heaven,Kingdom_of_God
name name,label,term,title
label name,label,term,title
term name,label,term,title
title name,label,term,title
Pterosaur Pterosaur,Pterodactyl
Pterodactyl Pterosaur,Pterodactyl
glue glue,paste,stick-(to)
paste glue,paste,stick-(to)
stick-(to) glue,paste,stick-(to)
take_away take_away,remove-(to)
remove-(to) take_away,remove-(to)
hold hold,contain_(1)-(to)
contain_(1)-(to) hold,contain_(1)-(to)
vomiting vomiting,vomit,puking
vomit vomiting,vomit,puking
puking vomiting,vomit,puking
hold hold,contain_(2)-(to)
contain_(2)-(to) hold,contain_(2)-(to)
which which,that-(relative)
that-(relative) which,that-(relative)
homosexual_(male) homosexual_(male),gay
gay homosexual_(male),gay
gift gift,offering,present
offering gift,offering,present
tasty tasty,good,appetizing
good tasty,good,appetizing
appetizing tasty,good,appetizing
collection collection,pile_(etc)
pile_(etc) collection,pile_(etc)
Muslim Muslim,Moslem,Islamic
Moslem Muslim,Moslem,Islamic
Islamic Muslim,Moslem,Islamic
appendix appendix,cecum,caecum
cecum appendix,cecum,caecum
caecum appendix,cecum,caecum
castle castle,palace_(royal)
palace_(royal) castle,palace_(royal)
tennis tennis,racquet_sports
racquet_sports tennis,racquet_sports
let let,allow,permit-(to)
allow let,allow,permit-(to)
permit-(to) let,allow,permit-(to)
roast roast,joint_(of_meat)
joint_(of_meat) roast,joint_(of_meat)
theologian theologian,theologist
theologist theologian,theologist
MP3_player MP3_player,iPod_(etc)
iPod_(etc) MP3_player,iPod_(etc)
organize organize,arrange-(to)
arrange-(to) organize,arrange-(to)
animal_skin animal_skin,hide,pelt
hide animal_skin,hide,pelt
pelt animal_skin,hide,pelt
songbird songbird,finch,thrush
finch songbird,finch,thrush
thrush songbird,finch,thrush
other other,another_(thing)
another_(thing) other,another_(thing)
important important,significant
significant important,significant
wipe wipe,dust,polish-(to)
dust wipe,dust,polish-(to)
pointing_device mouse,pointing_device
rugby rugby,football_(N.A.)
football_(N.A.) rugby,football_(N.A.)
mind mind,intellect,reason
intellect mind,intellect,reason
reason mind,intellect,reason
tired tired,exhausted,weary
exhausted tired,exhausted,weary
weary tired,exhausted,weary
increase increase,enlarge-(to)
enlarge-(to) increase,enlarge-(to)
infectious infectious,contagious
contagious infectious,contagious
fairy fairy,fairy_godmother
fairy_godmother fairy,fairy_godmother
out_of out_of,exit_(forward)
exit_(forward) out_of,exit_(forward)
filling filling,fill,fullness
fill filling,fill,fullness
fullness filling,fill,fullness
inflammable inflammable,flammable
flammable inflammable,flammable
sentence sentence,condemn-(to)
condemn-(to) sentence,condemn-(to)
kitchen_tool kitchen_tool,utensils
utensils kitchen_tool,utensils
bowel bowel,intestine_(OLD)
intestine_(OLD) bowel,intestine_(OLD)
show show,demonstrate-(to)
demonstrate-(to) show,demonstrate-(to)
wreck wreck,wreckage_(boat)
wreckage_(boat) wreck,wreckage_(boat)
ugh ugh,yuk-(exclamatory)
yuk-(exclamatory) ugh,yuk-(exclamatory)
trunk trunk,tree_trunk,bole
tree_trunk trunk,tree_trunk,bole
bole trunk,tree_trunk,bole
your your,yours-(singular)
yours-(singular) your,yours-(singular)
flute flute,transverse_flute
transverse_flute flute,transverse_flute
dolphin dolphin,porpoise_(etc)
porpoise_(etc) dolphin,porpoise_(etc)
sun_lounger sun_lounger,deck_chair
deck_chair sun_lounger,deck_chair
pencil_case pencil_case,pencil_box
pencil_box pencil_case,pencil_box
missal missal,liturgical_book
liturgical_book missal,liturgical_book
chicken_(food) chicken_(food),poultry
poultry chicken_(food),poultry
drain drain,sift,strain-(to)
sift drain,sift,strain-(to)
strain-(to) drain,sift,strain-(to)
dress_up dress_up,disguise-(to)
disguise-(to) dress_up,disguise-(to)
persuade persuade,convince-(to)
convince-(to) persuade,convince-(to)
mobile_phone mobile_phone,cellphone
cellphone mobile_phone,cellphone
memory_game memory_game,Kim's_game
Kim's_game memory_game,Kim's_game
suddenly suddenly,abrupt,sudden
abrupt suddenly,abrupt,sudden
sudden suddenly,abrupt,sudden
pitcher pitcher,jug,kettle,pot
jug pitcher,jug,kettle,pot
kettle pitcher,jug,kettle,pot
pot pitcher,jug,kettle,pot
interesting interesting,interested
interested interesting,interested
I I,me,myself-(feminine)
me I,me,myself-(feminine)
myself-(feminine) I,me,myself-(feminine)
switch_on switch_on,turn_on-(to)
turn_on-(to) switch_on,turn_on-(to)
pasture pasture,enclosed_field
enclosed_field pasture,enclosed_field
hymn hymn,psalm,gospel_song
psalm hymn,psalm,gospel_song
gospel_song hymn,psalm,gospel_song
structure structure,construction
construction structure,construction
motorcycling motorcycling,motocross
motocross motorcycling,motocross
podiatrist podiatrist,chiropodist
chiropodist podiatrist,chiropodist
introduce introduce,present-(to)
present-(to) introduce,present-(to)
each_other each_other,one_another
one_another each_other,one_another
humerus humerus,upper_arm_bone
upper_arm_bone humerus,upper_arm_bone
tattoo tattoo,picture_on_skin
picture_on_skin tattoo,picture_on_skin
taxi_driver taxi_driver,cab_driver
cab_driver taxi_driver,cab_driver
tea_break tea_break,coffee_break
coffee_break tea_break,coffee_break
washing_machine washing_machine,washer
sweet_shop sweet_shop,candy_store
candy_store sweet_shop,candy_store
horse_trailer horse_trailer,horsebox
horsebox horse_trailer,horsebox
away away,at_a_distance,off
at_a_distance away,at_a_distance,off
off away,at_a_distance,off
pancake pancake,crepe,tortilla
crepe pancake,crepe,tortilla
tortilla pancake,crepe,tortilla
abuse abuse,assault,violence
assault abuse,assault,violence
violence abuse,assault,violence
exercise exercise,work_out-(to)
work_out-(to) exercise,work_out-(to)
their their,theirs-(persons)
theirs-(persons) their,theirs-(persons)
expect expect,anticipate-(to)
anticipate-(to) expect,anticipate-(to)
skullcap skullcap,kipa,yarmulke
kipa skullcap,kipa,yarmulke
yarmulke skullcap,kipa,yarmulke
detective detective,investigator
investigator detective,investigator
detach detach,take_apart-(to)
take_apart-(to) detach,take_apart-(to)
horse_rider horse_rider,equestrian
equestrian horse_rider,equestrian
maracas maracas,calabash_(etc)
calabash_(etc) maracas,calabash_(etc)
fall fall,drop,spill,tumble
drop fall,drop,spill,tumble
spill fall,drop,spill,tumble
tumble fall,drop,spill,tumble
painful painful,painfully,sore
painfully painful,painfully,sore
sore painful,painfully,sore
horse_brush horse_brush,body_brush
body_brush horse_brush,body_brush
prepare_food prepare_food,cook-(to)
shoulder_blade shoulder_blade,scapula
scapula shoulder_blade,scapula
shoal shoal,school_(of_fish)
school_(of_fish) shoal,school_(of_fish)
braid braid,plait,pigtail(s)
plait braid,plait,pigtail(s)
pigtail(s) braid,plait,pigtail(s)
alternating_current alternating_current,AC
AC alternating_current,AC
proclaim proclaim,announce-(to)
announce-(to) proclaim,announce-(to)
sentence sentence,clause,phrase
clause sentence,clause,phrase
phrase sentence,clause,phrase
car_racing car_racing,auto_racing
auto_racing car_racing,auto_racing
cycle cycle,ride_a_bike-(to)
ride_a_bike-(to) cycle,ride_a_bike-(to)
fire_truck fire_truck,fire_engine
fire_engine fire_truck,fire_engine
work_of_art work_of_art,art_object
art_object work_of_art,art_object
bus_stop bus_stop,bus_bay_(OLD)
bus_bay_(OLD) bus_stop,bus_bay_(OLD)
homework homework,home_studying
home_studying homework,home_studying
noisemaker noisemaker,musical_toy
musical_toy noisemaker,musical_toy
binoculars binoculars,field_glass
field_glass binoculars,field_glass
hitchrack hitchrack,hitching_bar
hitching_bar hitchrack,hitching_bar
barbershop barbershop,beauty_shop
beauty_shop barbershop,beauty_shop
forest forest,bush,wood,woods
bush forest,bush,wood,woods
wood forest,bush,wood,woods
woods forest,bush,wood,woods
pull pull,drag,tow,tug-(to)
drag pull,drag,tow,tug-(to)
tow pull,drag,tow,tug-(to)
tug-(to) pull,drag,tow,tug-(to)
astrologer astrologer,astrologist
astrologist astrologer,astrologist
fossil_fuel fossil_fuel,coal_(etc)
coal_(etc) fossil_fuel,coal_(etc)
front front,front_of_a_thing
front_of_a_thing front,front_of_a_thing
lymph_node lymph_node,lymph_gland
lymph_gland lymph_node,lymph_gland
roti roti,chapati,flatbread
chapati roti,chapati,flatbread
flatbread roti,chapati,flatbread
rise rise,ascend,go_up-(to)
ascend rise,ascend,go_up-(to)
go_up-(to) rise,ascend,go_up-(to)
lottery lottery,game_of_chance
game_of_chance lottery,game_of_chance
boring boring,dull,depressing
dull boring,dull,depressing
depressing boring,dull,depressing
beach beach,bank,coast,shore
coast beach,bank,coast,shore
shore beach,bank,coast,shore
out_of out_of,exit_(downward)
exit_(downward) out_of,exit_(downward)
live live,dwell,reside-(to)
dwell live,dwell,reside-(to)
reside-(to) live,dwell,reside-(to)
combination combination,connection
connection combination,connection
people people,tribe,clan,folk
tribe people,tribe,clan,folk
clan people,tribe,clan,folk
folk people,tribe,clan,folk
Olympics Olympics,Olympic_games
Olympic_games Olympics,Olympic_games
cookie_jar cookie_jar,biscuit_tin
biscuit_tin cookie_jar,biscuit_tin
direct lead,direct,guide-(to)
guide-(to) lead,direct,guide-(to)
onion onion,vegetable_(bulb)
vegetable_(bulb) onion,vegetable_(bulb)
other other,another_(person)
another_(person) other,another_(person)
underwear underwear,underclothes
underclothes underwear,underclothes
catamaran catamaran,pontoon_boat
pontoon_boat catamaran,pontoon_boat
TV_studio TV_studio,radio_studio
radio_studio TV_studio,radio_studio
recreation_room recreation_room,moadan
moadan recreation_room,moadan
considerate considerate,thoughtful
thoughtful considerate,thoughtful
wave_power wave_power,wave_energy
wave_energy wave_power,wave_energy
goldfish goldfish,guppy,pet_fish
guppy goldfish,guppy,pet_fish
pet_fish goldfish,guppy,pet_fish
connector connector,interface_box
interface_box connector,interface_box
organization organization,organizing
organizing organization,organizing
lettuce lettuce,leafy_vegetable
leafy_vegetable lettuce,leafy_vegetable
orienteer orienteer,read_map-(to)
read_map-(to) orienteer,read_map-(to)
ophthalmologist ophthalmologist,oculist
oculist ophthalmologist,oculist
tunnel tunnel,subway,underpass
subway tunnel,subway,underpass
underpass tunnel,subway,underpass
computer_screen computer_screen,monitor
monitor computer_screen,monitor
trumpet trumpet,horn,cornet_(2)
horn trumpet,horn,cornet_(2)
cornet_(2) trumpet,horn,cornet_(2)
be be,am,are,is,exist-(to)
am be,am,are,is,exist-(to)
are be,am,are,is,exist-(to)
is be,am,are,is,exist-(to)
exist-(to) be,am,are,is,exist-(to)
give give,offer,provide-(to)
offer give,offer,provide-(to)
provide-(to) give,offer,provide-(to)
trumpet trumpet,horn,cornet_(1)
horn trumpet,horn,cornet_(1)
cornet_(1) trumpet,horn,cornet_(1)
birth_control_pill birth_control_pill,pill
pill birth_control_pill,pill
be_named be_named,be_called-(to)
be_called-(to) be_named,be_called-(to)
purse purse,pocketbook,wallet
pocketbook purse,pocketbook,wallet
wallet purse,pocketbook,wallet
riding riding,horseback_riding
horseback_riding riding,horseback_riding
care care,protection,defence
protection care,protection,defence
defence care,protection,defence
close close,enclose,shut-(to)
enclose close,enclose,shut-(to)
shut-(to) close,enclose,shut-(to)
Formula_One Formula_One,NASCAR_Kart
NASCAR_Kart Formula_One,NASCAR_Kart
football football,soccer_(sport)
soccer_(sport) football,soccer_(sport)
floor_covering floor_covering,linoleum
linoleum floor_covering,linoleum
couch couch,chesterfield,sofa
chesterfield couch,chesterfield,sofa
sofa couch,chesterfield,sofa
business business,commerce,trade
commerce business,commerce,trade
trade business,commerce,trade
keep keep,preserve,save-(to)
preserve keep,preserve,save-(to)
save-(to) keep,preserve,save-(to)
sharp_(taste) sharp_(taste),acid,sour
acid sharp_(taste),acid,sour
sour sharp_(taste),acid,sour
bindi bindi,tika_(decoration)
tika_(decoration) bindi,tika_(decoration)
male male,masculine_(person)
masculine_(person) male,masculine_(person)
precious_thing precious_thing,treasure
treasure precious_thing,treasure
malodor malodor,malodour,stench
malodour malodor,malodour,stench
stench malodor,malodour,stench
choose choose,pick,select-(to)
pick choose,pick,select-(to)
select-(to) choose,pick,select-(to)
sieve sieve,colander,strainer
colander sieve,colander,strainer
strainer sieve,colander,strainer
jump_rope jump_rope,skipping_rope
skipping_rope jump_rope,skipping_rope
autoharp autoharp,zither,kantele
zither autoharp,zither,kantele
kantele autoharp,zither,kantele
soda_pop soda_pop,pop,soft_drink
pop soda_pop,pop,soft_drink
soft_drink soda_pop,pop,soft_drink
sports_glove sports_glove,glove,mitt
glove sports_glove,glove,mitt
mitt sports_glove,glove,mitt
escalator escalator,moving_stairs
moving_stairs escalator,moving_stairs
hug hug,cuddle,embrace-(to)
cuddle hug,cuddle,embrace-(to)
embrace-(to) hug,cuddle,embrace-(to)
meat_(dried) meat_(dried),dried_meat
dried_meat meat_(dried),dried_meat
egg_(boiled) egg_(boiled),boiled_egg
boiled_egg egg_(boiled),boiled_egg
broadcast broadcast,transmit-(to)
transmit-(to) broadcast,transmit-(to)
pardon pardon,what_did_you_say
what_did_you_say pardon,what_did_you_say
stop stop,platform_(vehicle)
platform_(vehicle) stop,platform_(vehicle)
hydropower hydropower,hydro_energy
hydro_energy hydropower,hydro_energy
meet meet,encounter,see-(to)
encounter meet,encounter,see-(to)
see-(to) meet,encounter,see-(to)
intrauterine_device intrauterine_device,IUD
IUD intrauterine_device,IUD
yogurt yogurt,yoghurt_(frozen)
yoghurt_(frozen) yogurt,yoghurt_(frozen)
you you,yourselves-(plural)
yourselves-(plural) you,yourselves-(plural)
meeting_room meeting_room,auditorium
auditorium meeting_room,auditorium
drug drug,mind-altering_drug
mind-altering_drug drug,mind-altering_drug
I I,me,myself-(masculine)
me I,me,myself-(masculine)
myself-(masculine) I,me,myself-(masculine)
importance importance,significance
significance importance,significance
memory_stick memory_stick,USB-memory
USB-memory memory_stick,USB-memory
merry-go-round merry-go-round,carousel
carousel merry-go-round,carousel
disinfectant disinfectant,antiseptic
antiseptic disinfectant,antiseptic
water_flower water_flower,water_lily
water_lily water_flower,water_lily
hijack hijack,make_a_coup-(to)
make_a_coup-(to) hijack,make_a_coup-(to)
document document,written_record
written_record document,written_record
pennywhistle pennywhistle,tin_whistle
tin_whistle pennywhistle,tin_whistle
get get,acquire,receive-(to)
acquire get,acquire,receive-(to)
receive-(to) get,acquire,receive-(to)
camping_mat camping_mat,sleeping_mat
sleeping_mat camping_mat,sleeping_mat
continuance continuance,continuation
continuation continuance,continuation
switch_off switch_off,turn_off-(to)
turn_off-(to) switch_off,turn_off-(to)
French_fries French_fries,chips_(OLD)
chips_(OLD) French_fries,chips_(OLD)
forced forced,compelled,obliged
compelled forced,compelled,obliged
obliged forced,compelled,obliged
storey floor,storey,level,etage
level floor,storey,level,etage
etage floor,storey,level,etage
guitar guitar,string_instrument
string_instrument guitar,string_instrument
unforgivable unforgivable,inexcusable
inexcusable unforgivable,inexcusable
sanctify sanctify,consecrate-(to)
consecrate-(to) sanctify,consecrate-(to)
sandbox sandbox,sandpit,sandtray
sandpit sandbox,sandpit,sandtray
sandtray sandbox,sandpit,sandtray
illustrated illustrated,illustrating
illustrating illustrated,illustrating
ease ease,easiness,simplicity
easiness ease,easiness,simplicity
simplicity ease,easiness,simplicity
still still,continuing,ongoing
continuing still,continuing,ongoing
ongoing still,continuing,ongoing
ice_cream ice_cream,sherbet,sorbet
sherbet ice_cream,sherbet,sorbet
sorbet ice_cream,sherbet,sorbet
afraid afraid,frightened,scared
frightened afraid,frightened,scared
scared afraid,frightened,scared
cane cane,stick,walking_stick
stick cane,stick,walking_stick
walking_stick cane,stick,walking_stick
satisfaction satisfaction,contentment
contentment satisfaction,contentment
race race,competition,contest
competition race,competition,contest
contest race,competition,contest
care care,protect,defend-(to)
protect care,protect,defend-(to)
defend-(to) care,protect,defend-(to)
xylophone xylophone,vibraphone_(2)
vibraphone_(2) xylophone,vibraphone_(2)
landing landing,airplane_landing
airplane_landing landing,airplane_landing
fire_place fire_place,campfire_site
campfire_site fire_place,campfire_site
xylophone xylophone,vibraphone_(1)
vibraphone_(1) xylophone,vibraphone_(1)
airplane airplane,aeroplane,plane
aeroplane airplane,aeroplane,plane
plane airplane,aeroplane,plane
eternal_life eternal_life,immortality
immortality eternal_life,immortality
direction direction,cardinal_point
cardinal_point direction,cardinal_point
parrot parrot,myna,talking_bird
myna parrot,myna,talking_bird
talking_bird parrot,myna,talking_bird
body_of_learning science,body_of_learning
alone alone,just,only,solitary
just alone,just,only,solitary
only alone,just,only,solitary
solitary alone,just,only,solitary
solar_energy solar_energy,solar_power
solar_power solar_energy,solar_power
cupboard cupboard,closet,wardrobe
closet cupboard,closet,wardrobe
wardrobe cupboard,closet,wardrobe
appetizer appetizer,starter,entree
starter appetizer,starter,entree
entree appetizer,starter,entree
filled_food filled_food,stuffed_food
stuffed_food filled_food,stuffed_food
file file,data_file_(digital)
data_file_(digital) file,data_file_(digital)
clothing clothing,clothes,garment
clothes clothing,clothes,garment
garment clothing,clothes,garment
appearance appearance,manifestation
manifestation appearance,manifestation
snowsuit snowsuit,winter_clothing
winter_clothing snowsuit,winter_clothing
call call,telephone,ring-(to)
ring-(to) call,telephone,ring-(to)
who who,whom,that-(relative)
whom who,whom,that-(relative)
that-(relative) who,whom,that-(relative)
bottom bottom,bottom_of_a_thing
bottom_of_a_thing bottom,bottom_of_a_thing
potty potty,chamber_pot,bedpan
chamber_pot potty,chamber_pot,bedpan
bedpan potty,chamber_pot,bedpan
select_all select_all,mark_all-(to)
mark_all-(to) select_all,mark_all-(to)
oval oval,elliptic,elliptical
elliptic oval,elliptic,elliptical
elliptical oval,elliptic,elliptical
killing killing,murder,slaughter
slaughter killing,murder,slaughter
capture capture,catch,seize-(to)
catch capture,catch,seize-(to)
seize-(to) capture,catch,seize-(to)
argument argument,dispute,quarrel
dispute argument,dispute,quarrel
quarrel argument,dispute,quarrel
expectation expectation,anticipation
anticipation expectation,anticipation
cartoon cartoon,animated_picture
animated_picture cartoon,animated_picture
deflate deflate,let_out_air-(to)
let_out_air-(to) deflate,let_out_air-(to)
shall shall,will-(modal_aux_v)
will-(modal_aux_v) shall,will-(modal_aux_v)
female female,feminine_(person)
feminine_(person) female,feminine_(person)
bread bread,loaf_of_bread,loaf
loaf_of_bread bread,loaf_of_bread,loaf
loaf bread,loaf_of_bread,loaf
allergy allergy,hypersensitivity
hypersensitivity allergy,hypersensitivity
nail_polish nail_polish,nail_varnish
nail_varnish nail_polish,nail_varnish
hitch hitch,tie_up,fix_up-(to)
tie_up hitch,tie_up,fix_up-(to)
fix_up-(to) hitch,tie_up,fix_up-(to)
vomit vomit,throw_up,puke-(to)
throw_up vomit,throw_up,puke-(to)
puke-(to) vomit,throw_up,puke-(to)
propeller propeller,rotor_(blades)
rotor_(blades) propeller,rotor_(blades)
probable probable,likely,probably
likely probable,likely,probably
probably probable,likely,probably
near near,almost,close,nearly
almost near,almost,close,nearly
close near,almost,close,nearly
nearly near,almost,close,nearly
cloakroom cloakroom,walk-in_closet
walk-in_closet cloakroom,walk-in_closet
event event,happening,occasion
happening event,happening,occasion
occasion event,happening,occasion
proclamation proclamation,announcement
announcement proclamation,announcement
ask ask,inquire,question-(to)
inquire ask,inquire,question-(to)
question-(to) ask,inquire,question-(to)
prone_board prone_board,scooter-board
scooter-board prone_board,scooter-board
wading_pool wading_pool,paddling_pool
paddling_pool wading_pool,paddling_pool
desk desk,worktable,work_table
worktable desk,worktable,work_table
work_table desk,worktable,work_table
absorbent_material absorbent_material,sponge
sponge absorbent_material,sponge
fear fear,be_afraid,dread-(to)
be_afraid fear,be_afraid,dread-(to)
dread-(to) fear,be_afraid,dread-(to)
feeling feeling,emotion,sensation
emotion feeling,emotion,sensation
sensation feeling,emotion,sensation
pretend pretend,make_believe-(to)
make_believe-(to) pretend,make_believe-(to)
what_time-(question) when,what_time-(question)
Netherlands_(The) Netherlands_(The),Holland
Holland Netherlands_(The),Holland
who who,that,which-(relative)
that who,that,which-(relative)
which-(relative) who,that,which-(relative)
similar_sound similar_sound,sounds_like
sounds_like similar_sound,sounds_like
wreck wreck,wreckage_(airplane)
wreckage_(airplane) wreck,wreckage_(airplane)
armoured_force armoured_force,tank_force
tank_force armoured_force,tank_force
self self,oneself,ego_(person)
oneself self,oneself,ego_(person)
ego_(person) self,oneself,ego_(person)
power_plant power_plant,power_station
power_station power_plant,power_station
their their,theirs-(indefinite)
theirs-(indefinite) their,theirs-(indefinite)
wart wart,papilloma_(venereal)
papilloma_(venereal) wart,papilloma_(venereal)
smell smell,give_off_odour-(to)
give_off_odour-(to) smell,give_off_odour-(to)
potato_chips potato_chips,crisps_(OLD)
crisps_(OLD) potato_chips,crisps_(OLD)
exhibition_hall exhibition_hall,showplace
showplace exhibition_hall,showplace
washcloth washcloth,washrag,flannel
washrag washcloth,washrag,flannel
flannel washcloth,washrag,flannel
examination examination,investigation
investigation examination,investigation
calling calling,profession,career
profession calling,profession,career
career calling,profession,career
software software,computer_program
computer_program software,computer_program
teenager teenager,adolescent,youth
adolescent teenager,adolescent,youth
youth teenager,adolescent,youth
combine combine,connect,link-(to)
connect combine,connect,link-(to)
link-(to) combine,connect,link-(to)
meat_(frozen) meat_(frozen),frozen_meat
frozen_meat meat_(frozen),frozen_meat
involvement participation,involvement
happy happy,glad,gladly,happily
glad happy,glad,gladly,happily
gladly happy,glad,gladly,happily
happily happy,glad,gladly,happily
plan plan,design,method,system
design plan,design,method,system
method plan,design,method,system
system plan,design,method,system
place place,area,location,space
location place,area,location,space
egg_(poached) egg_(poached),poached_egg
poached_egg egg_(poached),poached_egg
advocate_(legal advocate_(legal,speaking)
speaking) advocate_(legal,speaking)
Halloween Halloween,All_Saint's_Day
All_Saint's_Day Halloween,All_Saint's_Day
broil broil,barbecue,grill-(to)
barbecue broil,barbecue,grill-(to)
grill-(to) broil,barbecue,grill-(to)
stove stove,furnace,heater,oven
furnace stove,furnace,heater,oven
heater stove,furnace,heater,oven
oven stove,furnace,heater,oven
leader leader,director,guide_(1)
director leader,director,guide_(1)
guide_(1) leader,director,guide_(1)
unknown_(person) stranger,unknown_(person)
saddle_pad saddle_pad,saddle_blanket
saddle_blanket saddle_pad,saddle_blanket
underpants underpants,briefs,panties
briefs underpants,briefs,panties
panties underpants,briefs,panties
leader leader,director,guide_(2)
director leader,director,guide_(2)
guide_(2) leader,director,guide_(2)
tahini tahini,sesame_seed_spread
sesame_seed_spread tahini,sesame_seed_spread
mailbox mailbox,letterbox,postbox
letterbox mailbox,letterbox,postbox
postbox mailbox,letterbox,postbox
dish_gloves dish_gloves,rubber_gloves
rubber_gloves dish_gloves,rubber_gloves
attachment attachment,appendix,annex
appendix attachment,appendix,annex
annex attachment,appendix,annex
row_house row_house,attached_houses
attached_houses row_house,attached_houses
foundation foundation,base,fundament
base foundation,base,fundament
fundament foundation,base,fundament
great great,wonderful,fantastic
wonderful great,wonderful,fantastic
fantastic great,wonderful,fantastic
medicine medicine,medical_practice
medical_practice medicine,medical_practice
toy_animal toy_animal,stuffed_animal
stuffed_animal toy_animal,stuffed_animal
often often,frequent,frequently
frequent often,frequent,frequently
frequently often,frequent,frequently
penetrate penetrate,go_through-(to)
go_through-(to) penetrate,go_through-(to)
religion religion,naturalism_(OLD)
naturalism_(OLD) religion,naturalism_(OLD)
gerbil gerbil,guinea_pig,hamster
guinea_pig gerbil,guinea_pig,hamster
hamster gerbil,guinea_pig,hamster
cat cat,feline_(animal),felid
feline_(animal) cat,feline_(animal),felid
felid cat,feline_(animal),felid
dog dog,canine_(animal),canid
canine_(animal) dog,canine_(animal),canid
canid dog,canine_(animal),canid
bonfire bonfire,barbeque,campfire
barbeque bonfire,barbeque,campfire
campfire bonfire,barbeque,campfire
carry carry,move,transport-(to)
move carry,move,transport-(to)
transport-(to) carry,move,transport-(to)
defend_(speak defend_(speak,legal)-(to)
legal)-(to) defend_(speak,legal)-(to)
magnifier magnifier,magnifying_glass
magnifying_glass magnifier,magnifying_glass
glove(s) glove(s),mitt(s),mitten(s)
mitt(s) glove(s),mitt(s),mitten(s)
mitten(s) glove(s),mitt(s),mitten(s)
at_one's_destination at_one's_destination,there
pram_straps pram_straps,safety_harness
safety_harness pram_straps,safety_harness
different different,other,difference
other different,other,difference
difference different,other,difference
wash_up wash_up,do_the_dishes-(to)
do_the_dishes-(to) wash_up,do_the_dishes-(to)
bruise bruise,contusion,haematoma
contusion bruise,contusion,haematoma
haematoma bruise,contusion,haematoma
Muhammad Muhammad,Mohammed,Muhammed
Mohammed Muhammad,Mohammed,Muhammed
Muhammed Muhammad,Mohammed,Muhammed
genitals genitals,sex_organs_(male)
sex_organs_(male) genitals,sex_organs_(male)
rice_pudding rice_pudding,rice_porridge
rice_porridge rice_pudding,rice_porridge
belongs_to belongs_to,of_(possessive)
of_(possessive) belongs_to,of_(possessive)
should should,would-(modal_aux_v)
would-(modal_aux_v) should,would-(modal_aux_v)
shopping_centre shopping_centre,mall,plaza
mall shopping_centre,mall,plaza
plaza shopping_centre,mall,plaza
kiddush kiddush,blessing_over_wine
blessing_over_wine kiddush,blessing_over_wine
lowness lowness,shortness_(height)
shortness_(height) lowness,shortness_(height)
teacher teacher,pedagogue,educator
pedagogue teacher,pedagogue,educator
educator teacher,pedagogue,educator
protest protest,object,oppose-(to)
object protest,object,oppose-(to)
oppose-(to) protest,object,oppose-(to)
monkey monkey,ape,gorilla,primate
ape monkey,ape,gorilla,primate
gorilla monkey,ape,gorilla,primate
primate monkey,ape,gorilla,primate
trip trip,journey,travel,voyage
journey trip,journey,travel,voyage
travel trip,journey,travel,voyage
voyage trip,journey,travel,voyage
fruit_yogurt fruit_yogurt,fruit_yoghurt
fruit_yoghurt fruit_yogurt,fruit_yoghurt
shaving_soap shaving_soap,shaving_cream
shaving_cream shaving_soap,shaving_cream
hide hide,conceal_(secret)-(to)
conceal_(secret)-(to) hide,conceal_(secret)-(to)
toilet_chair toilet_chair,commode_chair
commode_chair toilet_chair,commode_chair
grandmother grandmother,grandma,granny
grandma grandmother,grandma,granny
granny grandmother,grandma,granny
coat coat,jacket,jumper,sweater
jacket coat,jacket,jumper,sweater
jumper coat,jacket,jumper,sweater
sweater coat,jacket,jumper,sweater
meaning meaning,sense,significance
sense meaning,sense,significance
significance meaning,sense,significance
opposition opposition,counter_purpose
counter_purpose opposition,counter_purpose
twinkle twinkle,shine,sparkle-(to)
sparkle-(to) twinkle,shine,sparkle-(to)
drying_room drying_room,drying_chamber
drying_chamber drying_room,drying_chamber
argue argue,dispute,quarrel-(to)
dispute argue,dispute,quarrel-(to)
quarrel-(to) argue,dispute,quarrel-(to)
baby_bottle baby_bottle,feeding_bottle
feeding_bottle baby_bottle,feeding_bottle
we we,us,ourselves-(feminine)
us we,us,ourselves-(feminine)
ourselves-(feminine) we,us,ourselves-(feminine)
happiness happiness,fun,joy,pleasure
fun happiness,fun,joy,pleasure
joy happiness,fun,joy,pleasure
pleasure happiness,fun,joy,pleasure
injection injection,inoculation,shot
inoculation injection,inoculation,shot
shot injection,inoculation,shot
take take,bring,carry,move-(to)
bring take,bring,carry,move-(to)
carry take,bring,carry,move-(to)
camper camper,caravan,mobile_home
caravan camper,caravan,mobile_home
mobile_home camper,caravan,mobile_home
safari safari,wildlife_expedition
wildlife_expedition safari,wildlife_expedition
football football,soccer_(activity)
soccer_(activity) football,soccer_(activity)
sadness sadness,sorrow,unhappiness
sorrow sadness,sorrow,unhappiness
unhappiness sadness,sorrow,unhappiness
storage_jar storage_jar,preserving_jar
preserving_jar storage_jar,preserving_jar
disturbance upset,disturbance,agitation
agitation upset,disturbance,agitation
sad sad,sadly,unhappily,unhappy
sadly sad,sadly,unhappily,unhappy
unhappily sad,sadly,unhappily,unhappy
unhappy sad,sadly,unhappily,unhappy
sled sled,sledge,sleigh,toboggan
sledge sled,sledge,sleigh,toboggan
sleigh sled,sledge,sleigh,toboggan
picture picture,image,icon,painting
image picture,image,icon,painting
icon picture,image,icon,painting
painting picture,image,icon,painting
pants pants,jeans,slacks,trousers
jeans pants,jeans,slacks,trousers
slacks pants,jeans,slacks,trousers
trousers pants,jeans,slacks,trousers
safe safe,safely,secure,securely
safely safe,safely,secure,securely
secure safe,safely,secure,securely
securely safe,safely,secure,securely
explosion explosion,detonation,blowup
detonation explosion,detonation,blowup
blowup explosion,detonation,blowup
sailboat sailboat,sailing_boat,yacht
sailing_boat sailboat,sailing_boat,yacht
yacht sailboat,sailing_boat,yacht
material material,raw_material,stuff
raw_material material,raw_material,stuff
stuff material,raw_material,stuff
child_harness child_harness,walking_reins
walking_reins child_harness,walking_reins
cafe cafe,coffee_house,snack_bar
coffee_house cafe,coffee_house,snack_bar
snack_bar cafe,coffee_house,snack_bar
supporters supporters,cheering_section
cheering_section supporters,cheering_section
before before,in_front_of,prior_to
in_front_of before,in_front_of,prior_to
prior_to before,in_front_of,prior_to
crab crab,shellfish_(with_claws)
shellfish_(with_claws) crab,shellfish_(with_claws)
bicycle_helmet bicycle_helmet,crash_helmet
crash_helmet bicycle_helmet,crash_helmet
caesarean_section caesarean_section,C-section
C-section caesarean_section,C-section
sauce sauce,gravy,relish,dressing
gravy sauce,gravy,relish,dressing
relish sauce,gravy,relish,dressing
dressing sauce,gravy,relish,dressing
we we,us,ourselves-(masculine)
us we,us,ourselves-(masculine)
ourselves-(masculine) we,us,ourselves-(masculine)
correct correct,accurate,good,right
accurate correct,accurate,good,right
good correct,accurate,good,right
shortness_(distance shortness_(distance,length)
length) shortness_(distance,length)
container container,bowl,holder,pouch
bowl container,bowl,holder,pouch
holder container,bowl,holder,pouch
pouch container,bowl,holder,pouch
instruction(s) instruction(s),direction(s)
direction(s) instruction(s),direction(s)
finished finished,complete,completed
complete finished,complete,completed
completed finished,complete,completed
delicious delicious,scrumptious,yummy
scrumptious delicious,scrumptious,yummy
yummy delicious,scrumptious,yummy
homosexual_(female) homosexual_(female),lesbian
lesbian homosexual_(female),lesbian
alpana alpana,rangoli_(decoration)
rangoli_(decoration) alpana,rangoli_(decoration)
hurry_(in_a) hurry_(in_a),hurried,rushed
hurried hurry_(in_a),hurried,rushed
rushed hurry_(in_a),hurried,rushed
waste waste,garbage,rubbish,trash
garbage waste,garbage,rubbish,trash
rubbish waste,garbage,rubbish,trash
trash waste,garbage,rubbish,trash
meeting meeting,assembly,conference
assembly meeting,assembly,conference
conference meeting,assembly,conference
in in,inside,interior,internal
inside in,inside,interior,internal
interior in,inside,interior,internal
internal in,inside,interior,internal
tropical_rain_forest tropical_rain_forest,jungle
jungle tropical_rain_forest,jungle
cool cool,chilly_(opposite_warm)
chilly_(opposite_warm) cool,chilly_(opposite_warm)
help help,aid,assistance,support
aid help,aid,assistance,support
assistance help,aid,assistance,support
support help,aid,assistance,support
monument monument,commemorative_work
commemorative_work monument,commemorative_work
maker maker,manufacturer,producer
manufacturer maker,manufacturer,producer
producer maker,manufacturer,producer
field_hockey field_hockey,hockey_(sport)
hockey_(sport) field_hockey,hockey_(sport)
amuse amuse,entertain,please-(to)
entertain amuse,entertain,please-(to)
please-(to) amuse,entertain,please-(to)
tie tie,bind_together,lash-(to)
bind_together tie,bind_together,lash-(to)
lash-(to) tie,bind_together,lash-(to)
fidelity fidelity,loyalty,solidarity
loyalty fidelity,loyalty,solidarity
solidarity fidelity,loyalty,solidarity
caregiver caregiver,protector,defender
protector caregiver,protector,defender
defender caregiver,protector,defender
deer deer,cervine_(animal),cervid
cervine_(animal) deer,cervine_(animal),cervid
cervid deer,cervine_(animal),cervid
animal_(bovine) animal_(bovine),bovine,ovine
bovine animal_(bovine),bovine,ovine
ovine animal_(bovine),bovine,ovine
Spanish Spanish,Castilian_(language)
Castilian_(language) Spanish,Castilian_(language)
car car,automobile,motor_vehicle
automobile car,automobile,motor_vehicle
motor_vehicle car,automobile,motor_vehicle
province province,county,region,state
county province,county,region,state
region province,county,region,state
state province,county,region,state
high_heeled_shoes high_heeled_shoes,high_heels
high_heels high_heeled_shoes,high_heels
hurt hurt,pain_(feel),suffer-(to)
pain_(feel) hurt,pain_(feel),suffer-(to)
suffer-(to) hurt,pain_(feel),suffer-(to)
protest protest,objection,opposition
objection protest,objection,opposition
opposition protest,objection,opposition
plug_in plug_in,connect_(power)-(to)
connect_(power)-(to) plug_in,connect_(power)-(to)
baggage baggage,bag,luggage,suitcase
bag baggage,bag,luggage,suitcase
luggage baggage,bag,luggage,suitcase
suitcase baggage,bag,luggage,suitcase
vehicle vehicle,carriage,railway_car
railway_car vehicle,carriage,railway_car
dressing_gown dressing_gown,housecoat,robe
housecoat dressing_gown,housecoat,robe
robe dressing_gown,housecoat,robe
oppression oppression,captivity,slavery
captivity oppression,captivity,slavery
slavery oppression,captivity,slavery
gathering_of_scouts gathering_of_scouts,jamboree
jamboree gathering_of_scouts,jamboree
father father,dad,daddy,papa,pa,pop
dad father,dad,daddy,papa,pa,pop
daddy father,dad,daddy,papa,pa,pop
papa father,dad,daddy,papa,pa,pop
pa father,dad,daddy,papa,pa,pop
pop father,dad,daddy,papa,pa,pop
necessary necessary,necessarily,needed
necessarily necessary,necessarily,needed
needed necessary,necessarily,needed
emptying emptying,voidance,evacuation
voidance emptying,voidance,evacuation
evacuation emptying,voidance,evacuation
intestine(s) intestine(s),bowel(s),gut(s)
bowel(s) intestine(s),bowel(s),gut(s)
gut(s) intestine(s),bowel(s),gut(s)
grandfather grandfather,granddad,grandpa
granddad grandfather,granddad,grandpa
grandpa grandfather,granddad,grandpa
discuss discuss,converse,debate-(to)
converse discuss,converse,debate-(to)
debate-(to) discuss,converse,debate-(to)
peace peace,peace_of_mind,serenity
peace_of_mind peace,peace_of_mind,serenity
serenity peace,peace_of_mind,serenity
sex_drive sex_drive,sexual_urge,libido
sexual_urge sex_drive,sexual_urge,libido
libido sex_drive,sexual_urge,libido
making making,production,fashioning
production making,production,fashioning
fashioning making,production,fashioning
nocturnal_emission nocturnal_emission,wet_dream
wet_dream nocturnal_emission,wet_dream
genitals genitals,sex_organs_(female)
sex_organs_(female) genitals,sex_organs_(female)
still still,calm,peaceful,tranquil
calm still,calm,peaceful,tranquil
peaceful still,calm,peaceful,tranquil
tranquil still,calm,peaceful,tranquil
Santa_Claus Santa_Claus,Father_Christmas
Father_Christmas Santa_Claus,Father_Christmas
your your,yours-(feminine_plural)
yours-(feminine_plural) your,yours-(feminine_plural)
clarinet clarinet,reed_instrument_(2)
reed_instrument_(2) clarinet,reed_instrument_(2)
lease rent,lease,hire,charter-(to)
hire rent,lease,hire,charter-(to)
charter-(to) rent,lease,hire,charter-(to)
clarinet clarinet,reed_instrument_(1)
reed_instrument_(1) clarinet,reed_instrument_(1)
didactics education,didactics,pedagogy
pedagogy education,didactics,pedagogy
alcoholism alcoholism,alcohol_addiction
alcohol_addiction alcoholism,alcohol_addiction
celibacy celibacy,chastity,abstinence
chastity celibacy,chastity,abstinence
abstinence celibacy,chastity,abstinence
tailor tailor,dressmaker,seamstress
dressmaker tailor,dressmaker,seamstress
seamstress tailor,dressmaker,seamstress
e-mail_address e-mail_address,email_address
email_address e-mail_address,email_address
buttocks buttocks,bottom,bum,rear,ass
bottom buttocks,bottom,bum,rear,ass
bum buttocks,bottom,bum,rear,ass
rear buttocks,bottom,bum,rear,ass
ass buttocks,bottom,bum,rear,ass
math math,mathematics_(class)_(1)
mathematics_(class)_(1) math,mathematics_(class)_(1)
consideration consideration,thoughtfulness
thoughtfulness consideration,thoughtfulness
dogsled_sport dogsled_sport,dogsled_racing
dogsled_racing dogsled_sport,dogsled_racing
apron apron,coverall,smock,overall
coverall apron,coverall,smock,overall
smock apron,coverall,smock,overall
overall apron,coverall,smock,overall
math math,mathematics_(class)_(2)
mathematics_(class)_(2) math,mathematics_(class)_(2)
one_storey_building one_storey_building,bungalow
bungalow one_storey_building,bungalow
children's_song children's_song,nursery_rhyme
nursery_rhyme children's_song,nursery_rhyme
horse_sled horse_sled,horse-drawn_sleigh
horse-drawn_sleigh horse_sled,horse-drawn_sleigh
linear_thing_(horizontal) linear_thing_(horizontal),bar
bar linear_thing_(horizontal),bar
perfume perfume,fragrance,aroma,scent
fragrance perfume,fragrance,aroma,scent
aroma perfume,fragrance,aroma,scent
scent perfume,fragrance,aroma,scent
similar_looking similar_looking,looks_similar
looks_similar similar_looking,looks_similar
sunscreen sunscreen,sunblock,sun_lotion
sunblock sunscreen,sunblock,sun_lotion
sun_lotion sunscreen,sunblock,sun_lotion
signal signal,broadcast,transmitting
broadcast signal,broadcast,transmitting
transmitting signal,broadcast,transmitting
your your,yours-(masculine_plural)
yours-(masculine_plural) your,yours-(masculine_plural)
come_back return,come_back,reverse-(to)
reverse-(to) return,come_back,reverse-(to)
advice advice,counsel,recommendation
counsel advice,counsel,recommendation
recommendation advice,counsel,recommendation
subway subway,metro,underground,tube
metro subway,metro,underground,tube
underground subway,metro,underground,tube
tube subway,metro,underground,tube
strap strap,string,velcro,rope,cord
velcro strap,string,velcro,rope,cord
rope strap,string,velcro,rope,cord
cord strap,string,velcro,rope,cord
not not,negative,no,don't,doesn't
negative not,negative,no,don't,doesn't
no not,negative,no,don't,doesn't
don't not,negative,no,don't,doesn't
doesn't not,negative,no,don't,doesn't
social_network social_network,facebook_(etc)
facebook_(etc) social_network,facebook_(etc)
watch_tower watch_tower,observation_tower
observation_tower watch_tower,observation_tower
stop stop,platform_(vehicle)_(OLD)
platform_(vehicle)_(OLD) stop,platform_(vehicle)_(OLD)
flavouring flavouring,seasoning_(powder)
seasoning_(powder) flavouring,seasoning_(powder)
jam jam,jelly,marmalade,preserves
jelly jam,jelly,marmalade,preserves
marmalade jam,jelly,marmalade,preserves
preserves jam,jelly,marmalade,preserves
medical_tube medical_tube,catheter,cannula
catheter medical_tube,catheter,cannula
cannula medical_tube,catheter,cannula
sheet(s) sheet(s),bedclothes,bed_linen
bedclothes sheet(s),bedclothes,bed_linen
bed_linen sheet(s),bedclothes,bed_linen
bracha bracha,berakah,prayer_(small)
berakah bracha,berakah,prayer_(small)
prayer_(small) bracha,berakah,prayer_(small)
flavouring flavouring,seasoning_(liquid)
seasoning_(liquid) flavouring,seasoning_(liquid)
make make,manufacture,produce-(to)
manufacture make,manufacture,produce-(to)
produce-(to) make,manufacture,produce-(to)
newspaper newspaper,bulletin,newsletter
bulletin newspaper,bulletin,newsletter
newsletter newspaper,bulletin,newsletter
conductor_(teacher conductor_(teacher,therapist)
therapist) conductor_(teacher,therapist)
I_need_more_time I_need_more_time,give_me_time
give_me_time I_need_more_time,give_me_time
seat seat,sitting_(sitting_person)
sitting_(sitting_person) seat,sitting_(sitting_person)
crayon crayon,coloured_pencil,marker
coloured_pencil crayon,coloured_pencil,marker
marker crayon,coloured_pencil,marker
out out,exterior,external,outside
exterior out,exterior,external,outside
external out,exterior,external,outside
outside out,exterior,external,outside
quickness quickness,rapidity,speediness
rapidity quickness,rapidity,speediness
speediness quickness,rapidity,speediness
stand-in stand-in,substitute,alternate
substitute stand-in,substitute,alternate
alternate stand-in,substitute,alternate
advise advise,counsel,recommend-(to)
counsel advise,counsel,recommend-(to)
recommend-(to) advise,counsel,recommend-(to)
usually_do usually_do,habitually_do-(to)
habitually_do-(to) usually_do,habitually_do-(to)
tangerine tangerine,clementine,mandarin
clementine tangerine,clementine,mandarin
mandarin tangerine,clementine,mandarin
care_manager care_manager,care_plan_manager
care_plan_manager care_manager,care_plan_manager
part part,bit,piece,portion,part_of
bit part,bit,piece,portion,part_of
piece part,bit,piece,portion,part_of
portion part,bit,piece,portion,part_of
part_of part,bit,piece,portion,part_of
agreed agreed,in_agreement,harmonious
in_agreement agreed,in_agreement,harmonious
harmonious agreed,in_agreement,harmonious
too_bad too_bad,I'm_sorry,I'm_so_sorry
I'm_sorry too_bad,I'm_sorry,I'm_so_sorry
I'm_so_sorry too_bad,I'm_sorry,I'm_so_sorry
make-believe make-believe,pretend,imaginary
pretend make-believe,pretend,imaginary
imaginary make-believe,pretend,imaginary
filled_cabbage filled_cabbage,stuffed_cabbage
stuffed_cabbage filled_cabbage,stuffed_cabbage
hidden_treasure hidden_treasure,treasure_trove
treasure_trove hidden_treasure,treasure_trove
handwriting handwriting,penmanship_(class)
penmanship_(class) handwriting,penmanship_(class)
laundromat laundromat,launderette,laundry
launderette laundromat,launderette,laundry
laundry laundromat,launderette,laundry
plug_in plug_in,connect_(digital)-(to)
connect_(digital)-(to) plug_in,connect_(digital)-(to)
field_hockey field_hockey,hockey_(activity)
hockey_(activity) field_hockey,hockey_(activity)
flavouring flavouring,condiment,seasoning
condiment flavouring,condiment,seasoning
seasoning flavouring,condiment,seasoning
eagerness eagerness,keenness,willingness
keenness eagerness,keenness,willingness
willingness eagerness,keenness,willingness
medical_treatment medical_treatment,medical_care
medical_care medical_treatment,medical_care
disability disability,handicap,impairment
handicap disability,handicap,impairment
impairment disability,handicap,impairment
overspend overspend,buy_over_budget-(to)
buy_over_budget-(to) overspend,buy_over_budget-(to)
bells bells,chime_bars,tubular_bells
chime_bars bells,chime_bars,tubular_bells
tubular_bells bells,chime_bars,tubular_bells
program program,programme,presentation
programme program,programme,presentation
presentation program,programme,presentation
conjure conjure,turn_to,transform-(to)
turn_to conjure,turn_to,transform-(to)
transform-(to) conjure,turn_to,transform-(to)
fastener fastener,gripper,velcro,zipper
gripper fastener,gripper,velcro,zipper
velcro fastener,gripper,velcro,zipper
zipper fastener,gripper,velcro,zipper
appreciate appreciate,value,treasure-(to)
value appreciate,value,treasure-(to)
treasure-(to) appreciate,value,treasure-(to)
kart_racing kart_racing,karting,go-karting
karting kart_racing,karting,go-karting
go-karting kart_racing,karting,go-karting
food_processor food_processor,kitchen_machine
kitchen_machine food_processor,kitchen_machine
exchange exchange,substitute,trade-(to)
substitute exchange,substitute,trade-(to)
trade-(to) exchange,substitute,trade-(to)
ruin ruin,wreck,wreckage_(building)
wreck ruin,wreck,wreckage_(building)
wreckage_(building) ruin,wreck,wreckage_(building)
table_tennis table_tennis,ping-pong_(sport)
ping-pong_(sport) table_tennis,ping-pong_(sport)
letter_carrier letter_carrier,postman,mailman
postman letter_carrier,postman,mailman
mailman letter_carrier,postman,mailman
act act,demonstrate_(against)-(to)
demonstrate_(against)-(to) act,demonstrate_(against)-(to)
greenhouse greenhouse,glasshouse,hothouse
glasshouse greenhouse,glasshouse,hothouse
hothouse greenhouse,glasshouse,hothouse
machine machine,appliance,engine,motor
appliance machine,appliance,engine,motor
engine machine,appliance,engine,motor
motor machine,appliance,engine,motor
baking_tin baking_tin,baking_pan,ovenware
baking_pan baking_tin,baking_pan,ovenware
ovenware baking_tin,baking_pan,ovenware
subtract subtract,remove,take_away-(to)
remove subtract,remove,take_away-(to)
take_away-(to) subtract,remove,take_away-(to)
tracheotomy_tube tracheotomy_tube,tracheal_tube
tracheal_tube tracheotomy_tube,tracheal_tube
CD_player CD_player,record_player,stereo
record_player CD_player,record_player,stereo
stereo CD_player,record_player,stereo
rock_planet rock_planet,terrestrial_planet
terrestrial_planet rock_planet,terrestrial_planet
true true,truly,truthful,truthfully
truly true,truly,truthful,truthfully
truthful true,truly,truthful,truthfully
truthfully true,truly,truthful,truthfully
you_are_welcome you_are_welcome,you're_welcome
you're_welcome you_are_welcome,you're_welcome
digital_memory digital_memory,digital_storage
digital_storage digital_memory,digital_storage
your your,yours-(feminine_singular)
yours-(feminine_singular) your,yours-(feminine_singular)
farness farness,remoteness,farawayness
remoteness farness,remoteness,farawayness
farawayness farness,remoteness,farawayness
they they,them,themselves-(persons)
them they,them,themselves-(persons)
themselves-(persons) they,them,themselves-(persons)
religion_(science_of) religion_(science_of),theology
theology religion_(science_of),theology
action action,demonstration_(against)
demonstration_(against) action,demonstration_(against)
their their,theirs-(feminine_plural)
theirs-(feminine_plural) their,theirs-(feminine_plural)
must must,have_to,be_forced_to-(to)
have_to must,have_to,be_forced_to-(to)
be_forced_to-(to) must,have_to,be_forced_to-(to)
incorrect incorrect,bad,inaccurate,wrong
bad incorrect,bad,inaccurate,wrong
inaccurate incorrect,bad,inaccurate,wrong
wrong incorrect,bad,inaccurate,wrong
swimsuit swimsuit,swimwear,bathing_suit
swimwear swimsuit,swimwear,bathing_suit
bathing_suit swimsuit,swimwear,bathing_suit
burnable burnable,combustible,ignitable
combustible burnable,combustible,ignitable
ignitable burnable,combustible,ignitable
break break,crack,fracture,tear-(to)
crack break,crack,fracture,tear-(to)
fracture break,crack,fracture,tear-(to)
tear-(to) break,crack,fracture,tear-(to)
potato_chip(s) potato_chip(s),chip(s),crisp(s)
chip(s) potato_chip(s),chip(s),crisp(s)
crisp(s) potato_chip(s),chip(s),crisp(s)
their their,theirs-(masculine_plural)
theirs-(masculine_plural) their,theirs-(masculine_plural)
your your,yours-(masculine_singular)
yours-(masculine_singular) your,yours-(masculine_singular)
fur fur,coat_(animal),hair_(animal)
coat_(animal) fur,coat_(animal),hair_(animal)
hair_(animal) fur,coat_(animal),hair_(animal)
content_(communication) message,content_(communication)
care_for_(medically)-(to) treat,care_for_(medically)-(to)
drying_cupboard drying_cupboard,airing_cupboard
airing_cupboard drying_cupboard,airing_cupboard
representation_(legal) advocacy,representation_(legal)
smart smart,bright,clever,intelligent
clever smart,bright,clever,intelligent
intelligent smart,bright,clever,intelligent
theology theology,philosophy_of_religion
philosophy_of_religion theology,philosophy_of_religion
chest_of_drawers chest_of_drawers,bureau,dresser
bureau chest_of_drawers,bureau,dresser
dresser chest_of_drawers,bureau,dresser
nuclear_radiation nuclear_radiation,radioactivity
radioactivity nuclear_radiation,radioactivity
man-made_item man-made_item,artefact,artifact
artefact man-made_item,artefact,artifact
artifact man-made_item,artefact,artifact
judgement judgement,law_(in_combinations)
law_(in_combinations) judgement,law_(in_combinations)
weather_satellite weather_satellite,spy_satellite
spy_satellite weather_satellite,spy_satellite
alcohol_abuse alcohol_abuse,alcohol_addiction
alcohol_addiction alcohol_abuse,alcohol_addiction
mathematics mathematics,arithmetic,math_(1)
arithmetic mathematics,arithmetic,math_(1)
math_(1) mathematics,arithmetic,math_(1)
mathematics mathematics,arithmetic,math_(2)
arithmetic mathematics,arithmetic,math_(2)
math_(2) mathematics,arithmetic,math_(2)
finger_spelling finger_spelling,finger_alphabet
finger_alphabet finger_spelling,finger_alphabet
army army,regular_army,ground_forces
regular_army army,regular_army,ground_forces
ground_forces army,regular_army,ground_forces
carrot carrot,vegetable_(wedge-shaped)
vegetable_(wedge-shaped) carrot,vegetable_(wedge-shaped)
anyone anyone,anybody,somebody,someone
anybody anyone,anybody,somebody,someone
somebody anyone,anybody,somebody,someone
someone anyone,anybody,somebody,someone
constructional_blocks constructional_blocks,lego_(etc)
lego_(etc) constructional_blocks,lego_(etc)
sexual_arousal sexual_arousal,sexual_excitement
sexual_excitement sexual_arousal,sexual_excitement
spray_bottle spray_bottle,vaporizer,spray_can
vaporizer spray_bottle,vaporizer,spray_can
spray_can spray_bottle,vaporizer,spray_can
wind_power wind_power,wind_energy,wind_farm
wind_energy wind_power,wind_energy,wind_farm
wind_farm wind_power,wind_energy,wind_farm
elementary_school elementary_school,primary_school
primary_school elementary_school,primary_school
you you,yourself-(feminine_singular)
yourself-(feminine_singular) you,yourself-(feminine_singular)
say say,speak,talk,tell,express-(to)
speak say,speak,talk,tell,express-(to)
talk say,speak,talk,tell,express-(to)
tell say,speak,talk,tell,express-(to)
express-(to) say,speak,talk,tell,express-(to)
you you,yourselves-(feminine_plural)
yourselves-(feminine_plural) you,yourselves-(feminine_plural)
board_and_lodging board_and_lodging,room_and_board
room_and_board board_and_lodging,room_and_board
for_(the_purpose_of) for_(the_purpose_of),in_order_to
in_order_to for_(the_purpose_of),in_order_to
good good,well,fine,ok,okay,all_right
well good,well,fine,ok,okay,all_right
fine good,well,fine,ok,okay,all_right
ok good,well,fine,ok,okay,all_right
okay good,well,fine,ok,okay,all_right
all_right good,well,fine,ok,okay,all_right
New_Year's_eve New_Year's_eve,end_of_year_(day)
end_of_year_(day) New_Year's_eve,end_of_year_(day)
nuclear_fallout nuclear_fallout,radioactive_dust
radioactive_dust nuclear_fallout,radioactive_dust
all all,every,everything,total,whole
every all,every,everything,total,whole
everything all,every,everything,total,whole
total all,every,everything,total,whole
whole all,every,everything,total,whole
synthesizer synthesizer,synthesiser,keyboard
synthesiser synthesizer,synthesiser,keyboard
quick quick,fast,quickly,rapid,rapidly
quickly quick,fast,quickly,rapid,rapidly
rapid quick,fast,quickly,rapid,rapidly
rapidly quick,fast,quickly,rapid,rapidly
have_a_view have_a_view,have_an_opinion-(to)
have_an_opinion-(to) have_a_view,have_an_opinion-(to)
rat rat,rodent,gnawer,gnawing_animal
rodent rat,rodent,gnawer,gnawing_animal
gnawer rat,rodent,gnawer,gnawing_animal
gnawing_animal rat,rodent,gnawer,gnawing_animal
disabled disabled,handicapped_(physically)
handicapped_(physically) disabled,handicapped_(physically)
house house,building,dwelling,residence
building house,building,dwelling,residence
dwelling house,building,dwelling,residence
residence house,building,dwelling,residence
smash smash,grind,shatter,splinter-(to)
grind smash,grind,shatter,splinter-(to)
shatter smash,grind,shatter,splinter-(to)
splinter-(to) smash,grind,shatter,splinter-(to)
preceding preceding,previous,former,earlier
previous preceding,previous,former,earlier
former preceding,previous,former,earlier
earlier preceding,previous,former,earlier
diaphragm_(contraceptive) diaphragm_(contraceptive),pessary
pessary diaphragm_(contraceptive),pessary
knowledge knowledge,class_(in_combinations)
class_(in_combinations) knowledge,class_(in_combinations)
garbage_can garbage_can,rubbish_bin,trash_can
rubbish_bin garbage_can,rubbish_bin,trash_can
trash_can garbage_can,rubbish_bin,trash_can
they they,them,themselves-(indefinite)
them they,them,themselves-(indefinite)
themselves-(indefinite) they,them,themselves-(indefinite)
table_tennis table_tennis,ping-pong_(activity)
ping-pong_(activity) table_tennis,ping-pong_(activity)
you you,yourselves-(masculine_plural)
yourselves-(masculine_plural) you,yourselves-(masculine_plural)
homosexuality_(female) homosexuality_(female),lesbianism
lesbianism homosexuality_(female),lesbianism
sauce sauce,gravy,relish,dressing_(OLD)
gravy sauce,gravy,relish,dressing_(OLD)
relish sauce,gravy,relish,dressing_(OLD)
dressing_(OLD) sauce,gravy,relish,dressing_(OLD)
cloth cloth,fabric,material,textile,net
fabric cloth,fabric,material,textile,net
material cloth,fabric,material,textile,net
textile cloth,fabric,material,textile,net
deletion deletion,cancellation,destruction
cancellation deletion,cancellation,destruction
destruction deletion,cancellation,destruction
green_onion green_onion,scallion,spring_onion
scallion green_onion,scallion,spring_onion
spring_onion green_onion,scallion,spring_onion
organ organ,inner_organ,inner_body_part
inner_organ organ,inner_organ,inner_body_part
inner_body_part organ,inner_organ,inner_body_part
you you,yourself-(masculine_singular)
yourself-(masculine_singular) you,yourself-(masculine_singular)
seesaw seesaw,teeter-totter,teeter_board
teeter-totter seesaw,teeter-totter,teeter_board
teeter_board seesaw,teeter-totter,teeter_board
overlay_keyboard overlay_keyboard,membrane_keyboard
membrane_keyboard overlay_keyboard,membrane_keyboard
raise raise,grow,bring_up,cultivate-(to)
grow raise,grow,bring_up,cultivate-(to)
bring_up raise,grow,bring_up,cultivate-(to)
cultivate-(to) raise,grow,bring_up,cultivate-(to)
miscarriage miscarriage,abortion_(spontaneous)
abortion_(spontaneous) miscarriage,abortion_(spontaneous)
double_bass double_bass,bass_fiddle,contrabass
bass_fiddle double_bass,bass_fiddle,contrabass
contrabass double_bass,bass_fiddle,contrabass
enter enter,absorb,insert,penetrate-(to)
absorb enter,absorb,insert,penetrate-(to)
insert enter,absorb,insert,penetrate-(to)
penetrate-(to) enter,absorb,insert,penetrate-(to)
filled_vegetable filled_vegetable,stuffed_vegetable
stuffed_vegetable filled_vegetable,stuffed_vegetable
takeoff takeoff,take-off,airplane_take-off
take-off takeoff,take-off,airplane_take-off
airplane_take-off takeoff,take-off,airplane_take-off
board_of_directors board,board_of_directors,executive
executive board,board_of_directors,executive
underground_station underground_station,subway_station
subway_station underground_station,subway_station
sausage sausage,frankfurter,hotdog,hot_dog
frankfurter sausage,frankfurter,hotdog,hot_dog
hotdog sausage,frankfurter,hotdog,hot_dog
hot_dog sausage,frankfurter,hotdog,hot_dog
Host Host,wafer_(in_religious_ceremony)
wafer_(in_religious_ceremony) Host,wafer_(in_religious_ceremony)
help help,aid,assist,serve,support-(to)
aid help,aid,assist,serve,support-(to)
assist help,aid,assist,serve,support-(to)
serve help,aid,assist,serve,support-(to)
lizard lizard,reptile_(snake_like_animal)
reptile_(snake_like_animal) lizard,reptile_(snake_like_animal)
urine urine,piss,pee,piddle,weewee,water
piss urine,piss,pee,piddle,weewee,water
pee urine,piss,pee,piddle,weewee,water
piddle urine,piss,pee,piddle,weewee,water
weewee urine,piss,pee,piddle,weewee,water
water urine,piss,pee,piddle,weewee,water
Bliss Bliss,Bliss_language,Blissymbolics
Bliss_language Bliss,Bliss_language,Blissymbolics
Blissymbolics Bliss,Bliss_language,Blissymbolics
discussion discussion,conversation,debate,chat
conversation discussion,conversation,debate,chat
debate discussion,conversation,debate,chat
chat discussion,conversation,debate,chat
mountain_berry mountain_berry,cowberry,lingonberry
cowberry mountain_berry,cowberry,lingonberry
lingonberry mountain_berry,cowberry,lingonberry
act act,demonstrate_(in_favour_of)-(to)
demonstrate_(in_favour_of)-(to) act,demonstrate_(in_favour_of)-(to)
evacuate empty,evacuate,throw_away,void-(to)
throw_away empty,evacuate,throw_away,void-(to)
void-(to) empty,evacuate,throw_away,void-(to)
reclining reclining,lying_(person_lying_down)
lying_(person_lying_down) reclining,lying_(person_lying_down)
slip slip,petticoat,half-slip,underskirt
petticoat slip,petticoat,half-slip,underskirt
half-slip slip,petticoat,half-slip,underskirt
underskirt slip,petticoat,half-slip,underskirt
person person,human_being,individual,human
human_being person,human_being,individual,human
individual person,human_being,individual,human
human person,human_being,individual,human
action action,demonstration_(in_favour_of)
demonstration_(in_favour_of) action,demonstration_(in_favour_of)
raspberry raspberry,blackberry,compound_berry
compound_berry raspberry,blackberry,compound_berry
explode explode,blow_up,detonate,burst-(to)
blow_up explode,blow_up,detonate,burst-(to)
detonate explode,blow_up,detonate,burst-(to)
burst-(to) explode,blow_up,detonate,burst-(to)
district district,neighbourhood_(countryside)
neighbourhood_(countryside) district,neighbourhood_(countryside)
playroom playroom,family_room,recreation_room
family_room playroom,family_room,recreation_room
recreation_room playroom,family_room,recreation_room
military military,armed_forces,armed_services
armed_forces military,armed_forces,armed_services
armed_services military,armed_forces,armed_services
menstruation menstruation,menstrual_period,period
menstrual_period menstruation,menstrual_period,period
period menstruation,menstrual_period,period
period period,point,full_stop,decimal_point
point period,point,full_stop,decimal_point
full_stop period,point,full_stop,decimal_point
decimal_point period,point,full_stop,decimal_point
repeat repeat,copy,duplicate,reproduce-(to)
copy repeat,copy,duplicate,reproduce-(to)
duplicate repeat,copy,duplicate,reproduce-(to)
reproduce-(to) repeat,copy,duplicate,reproduce-(to)
stocking(s) stocking(s),sock(s),pantyhose,tights
sock(s) stocking(s),sock(s),pantyhose,tights
pantyhose stocking(s),sock(s),pantyhose,tights
tights stocking(s),sock(s),pantyhose,tights
accuse_(legal) accuse_(legal),charge,prosecute-(to)
charge accuse_(legal),charge,prosecute-(to)
prosecute-(to) accuse_(legal),charge,prosecute-(to)
TV_programme TV_programme,TV_show,radio_programme
TV_show TV_programme,TV_show,radio_programme
radio_programme TV_programme,TV_show,radio_programme
New_Year's_eve New_Year's_eve,end_of_year_(evening)
end_of_year_(evening) New_Year's_eve,end_of_year_(evening)
cross cross,Christianity_(in_combinations)
Christianity_(in_combinations) cross,Christianity_(in_combinations)
make-believe_person make-believe_person,imaginary_person
imaginary_person make-believe_person,imaginary_person
police_officer police_officer,policeman,policewoman
policeman police_officer,policeman,policewoman
policewoman police_officer,policeman,policewoman
therapy_centre therapy_centre,rehabilitation_centre
rehabilitation_centre therapy_centre,rehabilitation_centre
grocery_store grocery_store,food_store,supermarket
food_store grocery_store,food_store,supermarket
supermarket grocery_store,food_store,supermarket
cocoa chocolate,cocoa,cacao_(sweet_powder)
cacao_(sweet_powder) chocolate,cocoa,cacao_(sweet_powder)
cassette cassette,audiocassette,videocassette
audiocassette cassette,audiocassette,videocassette
videocassette cassette,audiocassette,videocassette
group_of group_of,much_of,many_of,quantity_of
much_of group_of,much_of,many_of,quantity_of
many_of group_of,much_of,many_of,quantity_of
quantity_of group_of,much_of,many_of,quantity_of
about about,concerning,in_relation_to,of,on
concerning about,concerning,in_relation_to,of,on
in_relation_to about,concerning,in_relation_to,of,on
of about,concerning,in_relation_to,of,on
fantasy fantasy,phantasy,imagination,illusion
phantasy fantasy,phantasy,imagination,illusion
imagination fantasy,phantasy,imagination,illusion
illusion fantasy,phantasy,imagination,illusion
opposite_meaning opposite_meaning,opposite_of,opposite
opposite_of opposite_meaning,opposite_of,opposite
opposite opposite_meaning,opposite_of,opposite
curiosity curiosity,curiousness,inquisitiveness
curiousness curiosity,curiousness,inquisitiveness
inquisitiveness curiosity,curiousness,inquisitiveness
sanitary_napkin sanitary_napkin,sanitary_towel,tampon
sanitary_towel sanitary_napkin,sanitary_towel,tampon
tampon sanitary_napkin,sanitary_towel,tampon
accusation_(legal) accusation_(legal),charge,prosecution
charge accusation_(legal),charge,prosecution
prosecution accusation_(legal),charge,prosecution
exciting exciting,excitingly,excited,excitedly
excitingly exciting,excitingly,excited,excitedly
excited exciting,excitingly,excited,excitedly
excitedly exciting,excitingly,excited,excitedly
meat_(minced) meat_(minced),minced_meat,ground_meat
minced_meat meat_(minced),minced_meat,ground_meat
ground_meat meat_(minced),minced_meat,ground_meat
ability ability,capability,capacity,potential
capability ability,capability,capacity,potential
capacity ability,capability,capacity,potential
potential ability,capability,capacity,potential
cocoa chocolate,cocoa,cacao_(bitter_powder)
cacao_(bitter_powder) chocolate,cocoa,cacao_(bitter_powder)
dump_truck dump_truck,dumper,tipper_lorry,tipper
dumper dump_truck,dumper,tipper_lorry,tipper
tipper_lorry dump_truck,dumper,tipper_lorry,tipper
tipper dump_truck,dumper,tipper_lorry,tipper
gathering gathering,assembly,meeting,conference
assembly gathering,assembly,meeting,conference
meeting gathering,assembly,meeting,conference
conference gathering,assembly,meeting,conference
mental mental,intellectual,rational,thinking
intellectual mental,intellectual,rational,thinking
rational mental,intellectual,rational,thinking
thinking mental,intellectual,rational,thinking
cooking cooking,cookery,preparation_(general)
cookery cooking,cookery,preparation_(general)
preparation_(general) cooking,cookery,preparation_(general)
anywhere anywhere,anyplace,someplace,somewhere
anyplace anywhere,anyplace,someplace,somewhere
someplace anywhere,anyplace,someplace,somewhere
somewhere anywhere,anyplace,someplace,somewhere
pyjama(s) pyjama(s),nightgown,nightie,pajama(s)
nightgown pyjama(s),nightgown,nightie,pajama(s)
nightie pyjama(s),nightgown,nightie,pajama(s)
pajama(s) pyjama(s),nightgown,nightie,pajama(s)
minister minister,pastor,preacher,priest,rabbi
pastor minister,pastor,preacher,priest,rabbi
preacher minister,pastor,preacher,priest,rabbi
priest minister,pastor,preacher,priest,rabbi
rabbi minister,pastor,preacher,priest,rabbi
index index,list_of_contents_(in_a_book_etc)
list_of_contents_(in_a_book_etc) index,list_of_contents_(in_a_book_etc)
document_(electronic) document_(electronic),digital_document
digital_document document_(electronic),digital_document
activity activity,male_gender_(in_combinations)
male_gender_(in_combinations) activity,male_gender_(in_combinations)
illness illness,disease,sickness_(sick_person)
disease illness,disease,sickness_(sick_person)
sickness_(sick_person) illness,disease,sickness_(sick_person)
cooking cooking,cookery,preparation_(hot_food)
cookery cooking,cookery,preparation_(hot_food)
preparation_(hot_food) cooking,cookery,preparation_(hot_food)
they they,them,themselves-(feminine_plural)
them they,them,themselves-(feminine_plural)
themselves-(feminine_plural) they,them,themselves-(feminine_plural)
meat_(diced) meat_(diced),diced_meat,chunks_of_meat
diced_meat meat_(diced),diced_meat,chunks_of_meat
chunks_of_meat meat_(diced),diced_meat,chunks_of_meat
educationalist educationalist,educationist_(academic)
educationist_(academic) educationalist,educationist_(academic)
space_travel space_travel,space_voyage,space_flight
space_voyage space_travel,space_voyage,space_flight
space_flight space_travel,space_voyage,space_flight
fasten fasten,attach,join,append,connect-(to)
attach fasten,attach,join,append,connect-(to)
join fasten,attach,join,append,connect-(to)
append fasten,attach,join,append,connect-(to)
connect-(to) fasten,attach,join,append,connect-(to)
congratulations congratulations,best_of_luck,mazel_tov
best_of_luck congratulations,best_of_luck,mazel_tov
mazel_tov congratulations,best_of_luck,mazel_tov
eternal_life eternal_life,immortality_(after_death)
immortality_(after_death) eternal_life,immortality_(after_death)
conception conception,fertilization,fertilized_egg
fertilization conception,fertilization,fertilized_egg
fertilized_egg conception,fertilization,fertilized_egg
electric_insulator electric_insulator,electrical_insulator
electrical_insulator electric_insulator,electrical_insulator
short_message_system_(SMS) short_message_system_(SMS),text_message
text_message short_message_system_(SMS),text_message
community_centre community_centre,town_hall,village_hall
town_hall community_centre,town_hall,village_hall
village_hall community_centre,town_hall,village_hall
Roman_Catholicism Roman_Catholicism,Roman_Catholic_Church
Roman_Catholic_Church Roman_Catholicism,Roman_Catholic_Church
Jesus_(of_Nazareth) Jesus_(of_Nazareth),Jesus_Christ,Christ
Christ Jesus_(of_Nazareth),Jesus_Christ,Christ
protect protect,cover,shelter,take_care_of-(to)
cover protect,cover,shelter,take_care_of-(to)
shelter protect,cover,shelter,take_care_of-(to)
take_care_of-(to) protect,cover,shelter,take_care_of-(to)
snorkeling snorkeling,scuba_diving,deep_sea_diving
scuba_diving snorkeling,scuba_diving,deep_sea_diving
deep_sea_diving snorkeling,scuba_diving,deep_sea_diving
trunk boot,trunk,roof_box,luggage_compartment
roof_box boot,trunk,roof_box,luggage_compartment
luggage_compartment boot,trunk,roof_box,luggage_compartment
they they,them,themselves-(masculine_plural)
them they,them,themselves-(masculine_plural)
themselves-(masculine_plural) they,them,themselves-(masculine_plural)
wow wow,super,great,neat,cool-(exclamatory)
super wow,super,great,neat,cool-(exclamatory)
great wow,super,great,neat,cool-(exclamatory)
neat wow,super,great,neat,cool-(exclamatory)
cool-(exclamatory) wow,super,great,neat,cool-(exclamatory)
infiniteness infiniteness,boundlessness,limitlessness
boundlessness infiniteness,boundlessness,limitlessness
limitlessness infiniteness,boundlessness,limitlessness
symbol_display symbol_display,symbol_board,symbol_chart
symbol_board symbol_display,symbol_board,symbol_chart
symbol_chart symbol_display,symbol_board,symbol_chart
helper helper,aide,assistant,personal_assistant
aide helper,aide,assistant,personal_assistant
assistant helper,aide,assistant,personal_assistant
personal_assistant helper,aide,assistant,personal_assistant
disperse disperse,disseminate,scatter,spread-(to)
disseminate disperse,disseminate,scatter,spread-(to)
scatter disperse,disseminate,scatter,spread-(to)
spread-(to) disperse,disseminate,scatter,spread-(to)
turnip turnip,rutabaga,vegetable_(large-leafed)
rutabaga turnip,rutabaga,vegetable_(large-leafed)
vegetable_(large-leafed) turnip,rutabaga,vegetable_(large-leafed)
paddle_boat paddle_boat,pedal_boat,water_bike,pedalo
pedal_boat paddle_boat,pedal_boat,water_bike,pedalo
water_bike paddle_boat,pedal_boat,water_bike,pedalo
pedalo paddle_boat,pedal_boat,water_bike,pedalo
exhibitionism exhibitionism,immodesty,indecent_exposure
immodesty exhibitionism,immodesty,indecent_exposure
indecent_exposure exhibitionism,immodesty,indecent_exposure
alcoholic_drink alcoholic_drink,alcoholic_beverage,liquor
alcoholic_beverage alcoholic_drink,alcoholic_beverage,liquor
liquor alcoholic_drink,alcoholic_beverage,liquor
evening_before_holiday evening_before_holiday,evening_of_Sabbath
evening_of_Sabbath evening_before_holiday,evening_of_Sabbath
prepare prepare,set,set_up,ready,gear_up,fix-(to)
set prepare,set,set_up,ready,gear_up,fix-(to)
set_up prepare,set,set_up,ready,gear_up,fix-(to)
ready prepare,set,set_up,ready,gear_up,fix-(to)
gear_up prepare,set,set_up,ready,gear_up,fix-(to)
fix-(to) prepare,set,set_up,ready,gear_up,fix-(to)
fixing fixing,fix,mending,mend,repair,reparation
fix fixing,fix,mending,mend,repair,reparation
mending fixing,fix,mending,mend,repair,reparation
mend fixing,fix,mending,mend,repair,reparation
repair fixing,fix,mending,mend,repair,reparation
reparation fixing,fix,mending,mend,repair,reparation
apologize apologize,apologise,regret_(express)-(to)
apologise apologize,apologise,regret_(express)-(to)
regret_(express)-(to) apologize,apologise,regret_(express)-(to)
sexual_intercourse sexual_intercourse,intercourse,copulation
intercourse sexual_intercourse,intercourse,copulation
copulation sexual_intercourse,intercourse,copulation
kindergarten kindergarten,preschool,nursery,play_group
preschool kindergarten,preschool,nursery,play_group
nursery kindergarten,preschool,nursery,play_group
play_group kindergarten,preschool,nursery,play_group
have_a_tea_break have_a_tea_break,have_a_coffee_break-(to)
have_a_coffee_break-(to) have_a_tea_break,have_a_coffee_break-(to)
destroy destroy,annul,cancel,cross_out,delete-(to)
annul destroy,annul,cancel,cross_out,delete-(to)
cancel destroy,annul,cancel,cross_out,delete-(to)
cross_out destroy,annul,cancel,cross_out,delete-(to)
delete-(to) destroy,annul,cancel,cross_out,delete-(to)
move_bowels move_bowels,defecate,stool,shit,ca-ca-(to)
defecate move_bowels,defecate,stool,shit,ca-ca-(to)
stool move_bowels,defecate,stool,shit,ca-ca-(to)
shit move_bowels,defecate,stool,shit,ca-ca-(to)
ca-ca-(to) move_bowels,defecate,stool,shit,ca-ca-(to)
kangaroo kangaroo,marsupial_(animal),pouched_mammal
marsupial_(animal) kangaroo,marsupial_(animal),pouched_mammal
pouched_mammal kangaroo,marsupial_(animal),pouched_mammal
harmony harmony,harmoniousness,concord,concordance
harmoniousness harmony,harmoniousness,concord,concordance
concord harmony,harmoniousness,concord,concordance
concordance harmony,harmoniousness,concord,concordance
make-believe_person_(in_water) make-believe_person_(in_water),water_nymph
water_nymph make-believe_person_(in_water),water_nymph
together together,attached,appended,fastened,joined
attached together,attached,appended,fastened,joined
appended together,attached,appended,fastened,joined
fastened together,attached,appended,fastened,joined
joined together,attached,appended,fastened,joined
impermeable_material impermeable_material,insulation_(material)
insulation_(material) impermeable_material,insulation_(material)
rotate rotate,circle,circulate,wind_up,orbit-(to)
circulate rotate,circle,circulate,wind_up,orbit-(to)
wind_up rotate,circle,circulate,wind_up,orbit-(to)
orbit-(to) rotate,circle,circulate,wind_up,orbit-(to)
repetition repetition,copying,duplication,replication
copying repetition,copying,duplication,replication
duplication repetition,copying,duplication,replication
replication repetition,copying,duplication,replication
grocery_store grocery_store,food_store,supermarket_(OLD)
food_store grocery_store,food_store,supermarket_(OLD)
supermarket_(OLD) grocery_store,food_store,supermarket_(OLD)
ruler ruler,measuring_stick,tapeline,tape_measure
measuring_stick ruler,measuring_stick,tapeline,tape_measure
tapeline ruler,measuring_stick,tapeline,tape_measure
tape_measure ruler,measuring_stick,tapeline,tape_measure
preparation preparation,readying,readiness,preparedness
readying preparation,readying,readiness,preparedness
readiness preparation,readying,readiness,preparedness
preparedness preparation,readying,readiness,preparedness
rotation rotation,circulation,orbit,lap,circle,round
circulation rotation,circulation,orbit,lap,circle,round
orbit rotation,circulation,orbit,lap,circle,round
lap rotation,circulation,orbit,lap,circle,round
round rotation,circulation,orbit,lap,circle,round
clearness clearness,clarity,transparency,transparence
clarity clearness,clarity,transparency,transparence
transparency clearness,clarity,transparency,transparence
transparence clearness,clarity,transparency,transparence
baby_carriage baby_carriage,buggy,pram,pushchair,stroller
buggy baby_carriage,buggy,pram,pushchair,stroller
pram baby_carriage,buggy,pram,pushchair,stroller
pushchair baby_carriage,buggy,pram,pushchair,stroller
stroller baby_carriage,buggy,pram,pushchair,stroller
string_bean string_bean,green_bean,runner_bean,wax_bean
green_bean string_bean,green_bean,runner_bean,wax_bean
runner_bean string_bean,green_bean,runner_bean,wax_bean
wax_bean string_bean,green_bean,runner_bean,wax_bean
sexual_abuse sexual_abuse,sexual_assault,sexual_violence
sexual_assault sexual_abuse,sexual_assault,sexual_violence
sexual_violence sexual_abuse,sexual_assault,sexual_violence
district district,city_district,neighbourhood_(town)
city_district district,city_district,neighbourhood_(town)
neighbourhood_(town) district,city_district,neighbourhood_(town)
electric_wire electric_wire,electric_cord,cord,cable,lead
electric_cord electric_wire,electric_cord,cord,cable,lead
cord electric_wire,electric_cord,cord,cable,lead
cable electric_wire,electric_cord,cord,cable,lead
teacher teacher,pedagogue,educator_(in_combinations)
pedagogue teacher,pedagogue,educator_(in_combinations)
educator_(in_combinations) teacher,pedagogue,educator_(in_combinations)
cocoa chocolate_flavouring,cocoa,cacao_powder_(OLD)
cacao_powder_(OLD) chocolate_flavouring,cocoa,cacao_powder_(OLD)
bean_(dried) bean_(dried),chick-pea,kidney_bean,pinto_bean
chick-pea bean_(dried),chick-pea,kidney_bean,pinto_bean
kidney_bean bean_(dried),chick-pea,kidney_bean,pinto_bean
pinto_bean bean_(dried),chick-pea,kidney_bean,pinto_bean
digital_processing digital_processing,artificial_intelligence,AI
artificial_intelligence digital_processing,artificial_intelligence,AI
AI digital_processing,artificial_intelligence,AI
practise practise,practice,drill,exercise,rehearse-(to)
practice practise,practice,drill,exercise,rehearse-(to)
exercise practise,practice,drill,exercise,rehearse-(to)
rehearse-(to) practise,practice,drill,exercise,rehearse-(to)
blackboard blackboard,chalkboard,whiteboard,writing_board
chalkboard blackboard,chalkboard,whiteboard,writing_board
whiteboard blackboard,chalkboard,whiteboard,writing_board
writing_board blackboard,chalkboard,whiteboard,writing_board
back_and_forth back_and_forth,backward_and_forward,to_and_fro
backward_and_forward back_and_forth,backward_and_forward,to_and_fro
to_and_fro back_and_forth,backward_and_forward,to_and_fro
disabled disabled,handicapped_(intellectually,mentally)
handicapped_(intellectually disabled,handicapped_(intellectually,mentally)
mentally) disabled,handicapped_(intellectually,mentally)
limited_time limited_time,interval,period,awhile,for_a_while
interval limited_time,interval,period,awhile,for_a_while
period limited_time,interval,period,awhile,for_a_while
awhile limited_time,interval,period,awhile,for_a_while
for_a_while limited_time,interval,period,awhile,for_a_while
beautiful beautiful,attractive,good-looking,handsome,pretty
attractive beautiful,attractive,good-looking,handsome,pretty
good-looking beautiful,attractive,good-looking,handsome,pretty
handsome beautiful,attractive,good-looking,handsome,pretty
pretty beautiful,attractive,good-looking,handsome,pretty
bowel_movement bowel_movement,defecation,shitting,feces,shit,poop
defecation bowel_movement,defecation,shitting,feces,shit,poop
shitting bowel_movement,defecation,shitting,feces,shit,poop
feces bowel_movement,defecation,shitting,feces,shit,poop
shit bowel_movement,defecation,shitting,feces,shit,poop
poop bowel_movement,defecation,shitting,feces,shit,poop
give_artificial_respiration give_artificial_respiration,resuscitate,revive-(to)
resuscitate give_artificial_respiration,resuscitate,revive-(to)
revive-(to) give_artificial_respiration,resuscitate,revive-(to)
destroyed destroyed,ruined,demolished,deleted,erased,cancelled
ruined destroyed,ruined,demolished,deleted,erased,cancelled
demolished destroyed,ruined,demolished,deleted,erased,cancelled
deleted destroyed,ruined,demolished,deleted,erased,cancelled
erased destroyed,ruined,demolished,deleted,erased,cancelled
cancelled destroyed,ruined,demolished,deleted,erased,cancelled
dispersion dispersion,dissemination,scattering,spread,spreading
dissemination dispersion,dissemination,scattering,spread,spreading
scattering dispersion,dissemination,scattering,spread,spreading
spread dispersion,dissemination,scattering,spread,spreading
spreading dispersion,dissemination,scattering,spread,spreading
duck duck,bird_(water),waterbird,waterfowl,seabird,seafowl
bird_(water) duck,bird_(water),waterbird,waterfowl,seabird,seafowl
waterbird duck,bird_(water),waterbird,waterfowl,seabird,seafowl
waterfowl duck,bird_(water),waterbird,waterfowl,seabird,seafowl
seabird duck,bird_(water),waterbird,waterfowl,seabird,seafowl
seafowl duck,bird_(water),waterbird,waterfowl,seabird,seafowl
apparent(ly) apparent(ly),clear(ly),evident(ly),obvious(ly),plain(ly)
clear(ly) apparent(ly),clear(ly),evident(ly),obvious(ly),plain(ly)
evident(ly) apparent(ly),clear(ly),evident(ly),obvious(ly),plain(ly)
obvious(ly) apparent(ly),clear(ly),evident(ly),obvious(ly),plain(ly)
plain(ly) apparent(ly),clear(ly),evident(ly),obvious(ly),plain(ly)
residential_institution residential_institution,group_home,hostel,residential_home
group_home residential_institution,group_home,hostel,residential_home
hostel residential_institution,group_home,hostel,residential_home
residential_home residential_institution,group_home,hostel,residential_home
activity_centre_(leisure_time) activity_centre_(leisure_time),after_school_club,youth_club
after_school_club activity_centre_(leisure_time),after_school_club,youth_club
youth_club activity_centre_(leisure_time),after_school_club,youth_club
church_ruin church_ruin,temple_ruin,wreck,wreckage_(church,temple,mosque)
temple_ruin church_ruin,temple_ruin,wreck,wreckage_(church,temple,mosque)
wreck church_ruin,temple_ruin,wreck,wreckage_(church,temple,mosque)
wreckage_(church church_ruin,temple_ruin,wreck,wreckage_(church,temple,mosque)
temple church_ruin,temple_ruin,wreck,wreckage_(church,temple,mosque)
mosque) church_ruin,temple_ruin,wreck,wreckage_(church,temple,mosque)
urinate urinate,make_water,pass_water,micturate,pee,piddle,piss,wee-(to)
make_water urinate,make_water,pass_water,micturate,pee,piddle,piss,wee-(to)
pass_water urinate,make_water,pass_water,micturate,pee,piddle,piss,wee-(to)
micturate urinate,make_water,pass_water,micturate,pee,piddle,piss,wee-(to)
pee urinate,make_water,pass_water,micturate,pee,piddle,piss,wee-(to)
piddle urinate,make_water,pass_water,micturate,pee,piddle,piss,wee-(to)
piss urinate,make_water,pass_water,micturate,pee,piddle,piss,wee-(to)
wee-(to) urinate,make_water,pass_water,micturate,pee,piddle,piss,wee-(to)
selfish selfish,self-centred,self-centered,egoistic,egoistical,egocentric
self-centred selfish,self-centred,self-centered,egoistic,egoistical,egocentric
self-centered selfish,self-centred,self-centered,egoistic,egoistical,egocentric
egoistic selfish,self-centred,self-centered,egoistic,egoistical,egocentric
egoistical selfish,self-centred,self-centered,egoistic,egoistical,egocentric
egocentric selfish,self-centred,self-centered,egoistic,egoistical,egocentric
living_room living_room,lounge,sitting_room,front_room,parlor,parlour,waiting_room
lounge living_room,lounge,sitting_room,front_room,parlor,parlour,waiting_room
sitting_room living_room,lounge,sitting_room,front_room,parlor,parlour,waiting_room
front_room living_room,lounge,sitting_room,front_room,parlor,parlour,waiting_room
parlor living_room,lounge,sitting_room,front_room,parlor,parlour,waiting_room
parlour living_room,lounge,sitting_room,front_room,parlor,parlour,waiting_room
waiting_room living_room,lounge,sitting_room,front_room,parlor,parlour,waiting_room
